## Small Quests
The following are a collection of small quests that can be picked up in Birchtown...


### Missing Husband
A rumor has been spreading after the harvest festival that the husband of a weaver abandoned her and took their son. She has been hiding in shame in her house ever since.

If the player characters talk to the weaver she will at first avoid them, but after a DC 13 Charisma (Persuasion) check or a successful roleplay argument, she will inform them that her husband and son were selling her fabrics in the nearby village of Auxios.

She will then offer them 10 gp to find them, a 5'8'' tall, 50 year old man with tanned skin and light brown hair; and a 5'4'' tall, 15 year old boy with tanned skin and dark brown hair.
___
The travel to Auxios takes two days of walking or one day on cart (15 gp). During the travel a random event can happen once per day, roll on the Travel to Auxios table.

##### Travel to Auxios Events
| d10 | Event                                             |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | A tree fell down blocking the path                |
| 2-3 | 1d4 **thugs** and 1 **thug boss**                 |
| 4-7 | A hermit walking down the road                    |
| 8-9 | 1d4 **moose** crosses the road                    |
|  0  | A merchant caravan broken on the side of the road |



#### Village of Auxios
The village of Auxios is a small community of houses near the river Arno and surrounded by the birch trees of the region. The village has the following notable locations.
___
***Pine Stool Inn.***
The Pine Stool inn is a small cobblestone and wood building with a thatched roof. Within it the player characters can find a small dining hall, some small rooms and a dirty kitchen.

##### Pine Stool Inn Expenses
| Rooms         | Price/Day | Food and Drinks | Price |
|:--------------|:---------:|:----------------|:-----:|
| 1 person room |    5 cp   | Small meal      |  1 cp |
| 2 person room |    1 sp   | Regular meal    |  5 cp |
| 4 person room |    1 gp   |                 |       |

If the player characters search for the whereabouts of the missing husband and child, the patrons of the inn direct the player characters to the village hunter *Dennor*.

___
***Hunter's Hut.***
Dennor the hunter, lives in a small wooden hut on top of a hill near the forest. He is a 5'6'' tall 27 year old man with long brown hair, a hooked nose, and green eyes. He currently is living in fear of the consequences of his actions.

A week ago the father and his son decided to hunt a deer and enlisted the skills of Dennor. While hunting the group was attacked by a massive creature that killed the father and son while Dennor fled the scene to his house and hasn't left it since.



#### Forrest
If the player characters successfully investigate the forest they will discover a small cavern where the beast might inhabit.

As the party enters the cave this massive creature rises with a pair of blood red eyes.

***Blood Bear.***
A blood bear is a brown bear with crimson fur that actively hunts people in a indiscriminate manner. A blood bear is the result of a abused brown bear seeking violence to clense its

___
> ## Blood Bear
>*Large beast, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 15)
> - **Speed** 40ft., climb 30ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  3 (-4) | 13 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Level** 5
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The bear has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The bear makes two claw attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) piercing damage. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) slashing damage. If the target is a medium sized creature or smaller, it must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Rageful Roar (1/day).*** The blood bear roars with intense fury. Each creature within 30 feet of it must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened.
>

\page

### Smoke in the Border
Scouts of the Band of the Griffin have spotted black smoke coming from a small settlement on the border with Wexford. As the Griffins are still consolidating their power in the region, Gwyn is seeking the aid of his new members to investigate the smoking settlement.
___
The travel to the settlement takes two days by boat (10 gp), three days by cart (5 gp), or four days by foot.

##### Traveling Events
|  d10  | Event                                 |
|:-----:|:--------------------------------------|
|   1   | 1d4 **thug** and 1 **thug boss**      |
|   2   | A bridge collapsed blocking the path  |
|   3   | 1d4 **forrosan horseman**             |
|  4-7  |                                       |
|   8   | A beggar sits on the side of the road |
|   9   | 2d6 **deer**                          |
|   0   | A merchant caravan passing by         |


#### Smoking Settlement
The settlement is a walled structure with its gates broken on the ground with a collection of burnt down wooden buildings and bodies of all types within. The player characters can investigate the following elements.

***Bodies on the Ground.***
The bodies the litter the ground are of all types: children, women, men, and soldiers. Among the soldiers are forrosan soldiers, birchan guards, and a strange soldier. He wears a ocular helmet with chain mail covering his jaw and neck, a red brigandine with a black burning hart crudely painted on his chest, and two hand axes near him.

***Burnt Down Houses.***
The houses of the settlement were almost completely burnt down leaving only the stone foundation. On a successful Intelligence (Investigation) check the player characters can understand that the attack was a torching.

***Desecrated Church.***
The settlements small church was vandalized with various bodies nailed to the walls, banners torn and burnt, and broken objects litter the ground. On a successful Wisdom (Perception) check the player characters can hear a voice calling from under a pile of rubble. After a successful Strength (Athletics) check the player characters can remove a young man wearing a bloodied tunic that presents himself as Andre.

```
```
___
***Andre.***
Andre is a 5'7'' tall 16 year old boy with fearful brown eyes, curly brown hair, and a gaunt face. He can explain the following information from the events that transpired on the settlement:

- They were attacked in the dead of night by a party of mercenaries wearing the same clothes as the strange dead soldier.

- The fighting lasted until dawn, where a group of forrosan horsemen came to aid the settlement.

- The raiders kidnapped the priest of the settlement and fled the combat.

Andre is in a unstable condition and needs a successful Wisdom (Medicine) check or a magical effect to heal him. Otherwise he will die.

#### Report
After returning to Birchtown the player characters must report their findings to Gwyn, that will inform them that is not the first time that a priest was sequestered in the nearby territory. Gwyn will then put a bounty on the head of any mercenary with the equipment that the player characters describe.

\page

### Ruins and Treasure
A young explorer named Caleb has found ruins of the Aderninan empire in a cave within a forest but is afraid of venturing within alone, so he sought out the group of player characters.

He offers 10 gp for each player character to aid him in exploring the ruins, he will provide a cart but they must provide their own equipment.

***Caleb.***
Caleb is a 5'8'' tall human with pale skin, orange eyes, and curly brown hair. He is energetic and  

___
> ## Caleb
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 10
> - **Hit Points** 9 (1d8 + 1)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +2
> - **Skills** Athletics +3, History +3, Perception +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1
>
> ### Equipment
> Caleb has the following equipment in his person:
> - 50 ft. Rope (1)
> - Torches (10)
> 
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 bludgeoning damage. 
>

___
The travel to the cave takes half a day by cart.

#### The Ruins
When the player characters decide to enter the 

