## The Witches Hut
Zullie's hut, located in a small grove north-east of Wexford, is a building made with beams and pilars made from living trees and stucco. The hut is primarily inhabited by the following characters.


***Zullie.***
Is a 78 year old 4'7 woman with short dark red hair, a emaciated physique and stilted emerald green eyes. She dawns a black dress, a dark green cape and a large black pointy hat and she carries a long staff made of ashen wood adorned with arcane glyphs.

Zullie is a very wise and observant woman that has studied the arts of spellcasting. She is knowledgeable over the following topics:

- *Spellcasting.* She can mentor a wizard and even a cleric when it comes to casting spells.
- *Magical World.* Zullie has knowledge of the Astral World...
- *History.* She also has studied the past of the world...


***Minoru.***
Is a 38 year old 6'2 woman with milky white skin, unnaturally blond hair and strange yellow eyes. She dawns a rugged black brigandine, over a old gambason, and a beige cloak.

Minoru is a silent and cold individual that seeks to fulfill the missions granted by her mistress, Zullie, as quickly as possible and as efficiently as possible. Due to her strange nature she has some difficulty communicating with other humans. If she takes a liking to a party member se can:
- *Sparring.* Minoru can mentor a character in martial melee weapons.
- *Skill Tanning.* She can mentor a character in the Perception or Survival skills.


The hut and its surrounding grove is protected by a small group of small stone golems, created by Zullie, 

___
> ## Small Stone Golem
>*Small construct, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d6 + 25)
> - **Speed** 20 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) |  6 (-2) | 10 (+0) |  1 (-5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +8, Wis +3
> - **Skills** Perception +3
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison, Psychic
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks.
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed, Exhausion, Frightened, Paralyzed, Petrified, Poisoned
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Understands Common, Elvish, and Dwarvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Immutable Form.***
> The golem is immune to any spell of effect that would alter its form.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The golem makes two slam attacks.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) bludgeoning damage. 
>


### Village of Norton
The village of Norton is a collection of small buildings on wooden platforms in the swamp. The village has the following notable buildings:

### Fisherman's Home
A small hut in the edge of the village, the fisherman's hut is the home of FISHERMAN_NAME, the fisherman.


#### Shrine of Aaine
The shrine is a large cylindrical building built around a huge mangrove tree. Within the temple the party can find a wooden statue of a stag adorned with green died ropes with porcelain flowers and lit candles at its feet.

The shrine is maintained by a old elven man named Rory.
___
***Rory, the Voice of Aaine.***
Rory is an old elvish man in his early 70's, with long white hair a wrinkled face adorned with faded blue tattoos, and orange eyes. He wears a simple green tunic adorned with elvish words of power.


#### Three Frogs Tavern
A large building with wood shingles and moldy walls with a sign depicting three green frogs above the entrance. Within the party can find a small number of tables occupied by locals, hooded figures, and  the tavern is owned by a middle aged human couple named Herald and Johanna.

Within the tavern the party can discover the following rumors:
- A new saint has been spreading through the planes, it is said to be a radiant dwarf that has defeated a giant so big it rode on six horses. (half lie)
- A troll lives in a cave on the crooked road to the village. (half lie)
- The king of Hafexia is sick (lie)
- The city of Loretta receives a cart of food a day during the winter. (true)
- The husband of Iris has abandoned her and her child. (true)

___
In addition the party can play a small dice game that consists of betting a value, then rolling a dice (1d6) in secret, then each character guesses the number, and finally the character that has guessed the correct value takes all. 

If a character bets 1sp or more this will attract a thief or an band of bandits to attack them.


#### Broken Hall
The only stone building of the village, the broken hall, is a small crooked tower made of stone bricks with a mixture of human and dwarven architectures. The tower seems poorly kept with large vines growing on the walls and mold covering the wooden door.

Within it the party can find a small family of dwarves composed of Henrik Anfinson, Nina Pinebreaker, Helge Henrikson, and the human Adrian Henrikson.

___
***Henrik Anfinson.***
Henrik is a tall dwarf with a long white beard that has seen better days, pale and wrinkly skin, milky eyes, and a round nose. He is an old dwarf of 90 years of age. He wears an old and rusted set of lamellar armor that he refuses to remove and a wolf pelt coat.

As he is blind he walks through the tower with a cane that he uses to tap the stone walls. Occasionally he stops at a single stone brick, passes his hand and mutters a memory of the past to himself.

He is sick with *swamp rot* but is unwilling to seek the help of the witch and will die in the next month.

___
***Nina Pinebreaker.***
Nina is the wife and mother of the tower. She is a averagely sized dwarf with long white hair, a shallow white beard, pale and wrinkly skin, blue eyes, and a round nose. She is as old as Henrik and she wears a simple dark blue dress with dwarvish words embroided in white.

She is old and tiered but she is dutiful to her house and her family. She takes care of all under her roof and protects the hall with all her might.

___
***Helge Henrikson.***
Helge is the son of Henrik and Nina, a broken man. He is a tall dwarf that has been left paraplegic after an accident while building the hall, he has left himself go after that and his mother has been taking care of him ever since. He has long and messy brown hair, a equally long and messy beard, blue eyes, and a round nose.

He wears a stained nightgown and a coat of cobbled together pelts.

___
***Adrian Henrikson.***
Adrian is a human of average size his late 30's. He is a fit pale skinned man with a full black beard, a shaved head, brown eyes, and a hooked nose. He wears simple clothes under a leather apron with various pouches with masonry tools.

He is a adopted son of Henrik and the envy of Helge, as well as a master mason that is keeping the hall in the best shape he can.


#### Broken Home
A small home at the edge of the village, the broken home, is the home of a mother named Iris and her child Alec. She has lost her husband during a hunt, ever since she has been in a depressed state.

Recently she has seen her husband in the forest at night and is considering seeking him.



### The Troll
If the party decides to seek the Troll they can follow the broken road until they reach the cave, while doing so roll a random encounter:

##### Broken Road Encounters
| 1d6 | Encounter                          |
|:---:|:-----------------------------------|
|  1  | 1d4 **thugs** and 1 **thug boss**  |
| 2-3 | A tree fell down blocking the path |
| 4-5 | 1 **boar**                         |
|  6  | A shady merchant                   |


#### The Trolls Cave
The cave's entrance is a person sized hole under a mangrove tree. Whenever someone approaches the cave a loud banging noise and a guttural roar, each character must make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be Frightened. If a character attempts to enter the cave, roll initiative.

___
***Vilen, the Troll.***
Vilen is a 7'0'' tall muscular man with grey skin, wrathful blue eyes, a shaved head, and various tattoos throughout his body. He no clothing, a rusted manacle on his left arm and leg.

He was a slave taken by a mercenary band in Rostov that escaped his enslavement in Dublin to the swamp and has survived as a primal hunter that relies exclusively on instinct and wrath.

___
> ## Vilen, the Troll
>*Medium humanoid (goliath), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 30 (3d12 + 6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Dex +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, *Intimidation* +7
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Goliath
> - **Level** 4 Barbarian **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Rage.***
> ***Rage (1/day).*** 
> Vilen can use a bonus action to gain the following benefirs, for up to 1 minute:
> - She has advantage on Strength checks and saving throws.
> - When she makes a Strength weapon attack it gains +2 to damage rolls.
> - She gains resistance to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Ultra Greatclub.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 13 (3d6 + 3) bludgeoning damage. 
>


### The Hus'viselooje
Alec, the 10 year old son of Iris, seeks the party to inform them that her mother has lost her mind and is seeking his father in the woods. If the party follows Alec's direction they will track through the swamp into a clearing.

In the middle of a small island, Iris laying on top of a rock. The island is surrounded by water. If a character attempts to cross the water, it must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or be Poisoned until they finish a long rest.

When a character reaches Iris she will imminently transform into the Hus'viselooje (Skin Walker). Roll **Initiative!**


***Hus'viselooje.***
