## Journey to Eldunhall


### Alchemist's Tower
A human alchemist has developed gunpowder with the aid of her lover, dwarven a blacksmith from Eldunhall. As the party travels through the road they hear a loud roar as birds fly from their trees and after a few seconds a group of mounted men rush past the party shouting strange phrases.

#### It Begins With a Bang
As the party is traveling from Birchtown to Eldunhall they see at a distance, poking above the trees a large tower at lest 1 mile away. Then the loud bang of an explosion causes a swarm of birds to fly from their trees and, after a few seconds, a group of mounted men rush past the party, shouting *"The dwarf had a dragon in that tube!"* and *"My ears bleed! That basted had a storm in his pocket!"*.

If the party decides to investigate the situation...
___
If the party decides to investigate the crew of horsemen, they will find three men sitting in a small camp patching themselves. From interacting with the horsemen the party can discover the following information.

- ***Wounds.*** With a DC 10 Wisdom (Medicine) or Intelligence (Investigation) check, the party can discover that one of the riders has been hit by a projectile at such grate speed that has burnt his skin.

- ***Secrets.*** With a DC 15 Wisdom (Perception) or Intelligence (Investigation) check, the party can discover that the crew has a dwarvish wanted poster.

- ***Stories.*** The leader of the riders tells the party that they are attempting to save a poor woman that has been kidnapped by a dwarf mage with a dragon within a iron tube. With a DC 17 Wisdom (Insight) check, the party can discern that the story is a lie.
___
The horsemen have the following statblocks.

___
> ## Horseman
>*Medium humanoid (human), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 9 (1d8 + 1)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +4, Athletics +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Spear.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage.



#### The Dwarf and the Tower
Atop a small hill a stone tower of dwarvish design resides in a clearing of a birch forest. Behind the tower a small garden seems to have been built recently. If the party approaches the tower in the


***Diana, the Alchemist.***
is a 5'2'' young woman with pale skin, a oval face, long red hair, green eyes, and a long nose. She wears a simple dress under a leather apron and a tool belt.

Diana is an alchemist that fled her town after she discovered what she calls fire power (gunpowder). She is energetic and enthusiastic.


***Øistein.***
is a 5' tall young dwarf with tanned skin, a clean face, blue eyes, a hooked nose, long black hair, and a pair of bushy eyebrows. He wears a plain haulberk and a cattle helmet.

Øistein is a disowned dwarf that fell in love with the alchemist Diana, he became a guardian of her work as a result of his love. He is a stoic man determined to protect his beloved even at the cost of his pride.

> ## Øistein
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Haulberk)
> - **Hit Points** 19 (2d10 + 4)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 13 (+1) | 16 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +3, Con +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +3, Perception +3
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Common, Dwarvish
> - **Level** 2 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Second Wind.***
> With a bonus action Øistein regains a number of hit points equla to 7 (1d10 + 2).
>
> ### Actions
> ***Light Hammer.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 1) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Hand Cannon.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 60/240 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (3d6) Piercing damage. On a roll of 1 on the d20, Øistein the hand cannon explodes. Each creature within a 10-foot radius of him must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw, taking 10 (3d6) fire damage on a failed save or half as much on a successful one. Øistein makes the saving throw with disadvantage.


#### Hand Cannon
*Weapon (hand cannon), very rare*

A long a narrow metal tube with a long spear like handle. The hand cannon has a hole in the front of the tube and on top of it...

| Damage       | Weight |  Range  | Properties                               |
|:-------------|:------:|:-------:|:-----------------------------------------|
| 3d6 Piercing | 12 lb. |  60/240 | Ammunition, loading, misfire, two-handed |

***Missfire.***
Whenever you roll a 1 on the d20 when attempting a weapon attack, the hand cannon misfires and explodes. Each creautre in a 10-foot radius sphere centered on the hand cannon must make a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw or take 10 (3d6) Fire damage on a failed save or half as much on a successful one.

The wielder of this weapon has disadvantage on the saving throw.

\page

### Dwarven Caravan
As the characters travel a caravan of...

#### Osbern, the Tool Merchant
Osbern is a 5'00'' tall dwarven men with short black hair, a thick unibrow, a potato nose, and a long black beard that ends in a brass ring. He wears a green tunic adorned with white tassilis, a large leather belt with various tools attached to it.

Osbern is a energetic dwarf that is a jack of all trades, but a master of none.

##### Osbern Inventory
| Item                |  Cost  |
|:--------------------|:------:|
| Brewer's supplies   |  25 gp |
| Carpenter's tools   |  16 gp |
| Mason's tools       |  30 gp |
| Smith's tools       |  50 gp |
| Woodcarver's tools  |   2 gp |


#### Adeliz Cloakborn
Adeliz is a 3'11'' tall dwarven woman with long dark brown hair, a small nose, a shallow beard, and green eyes. She wears a long black dress adorned with embroided roses and leaves, as well as a red cloak with the fur of a fox around her neck.

She is very observant and has an eye for style.

##### Adeliz Inventory
| Item                |  Cost  |
|:--------------------|:------:|
| Thick coat          |   5 gp |
| Decorated cloak     |  10 gp |
| Fine clothes        |  20 gp |
| Bracer of Arryn     |  50 gp |
| Raghdur cap         |  40 gp |


#### Naonun Sarninssdatter
Naonun is a 4'1'' tall dwarven woman with pale hands, tired blue eyes, and a small and narrow nose. She wears a dark grey dress that covers her from head to toe, leaving only her face and hands exposed. The dress is adorned with iron medallions depicting hawks (symbol of Sarniss grave lady).

Naonun is a grave lady, a mortician and embalmer, she is constantly tired and gloomy. She is haunted by her duty, a creature capable of seeing spirits can detect a armored dwarf spirit that orbits her.

***Naonum History.***
She is the only child of a branch of the ancestral family of the Iron lady Sarniss, as a result of her birth she has been burdened by her heritage to perform the rituals for the dead.

##### Naonun Inventory
| Item                |  Cost  |
|:--------------------|:------:|
| Incense             |   2 sp |
| Candle              |   1 cp |
| Scented candle      |   5 cp |
| Offering statue     |   1 gp |

\page

### Gates of Eldunhall
The party reaches the outskirts of Groontenfjell, where Eldunhall resides. But the journey to the fortress city has only begun.

They must then use diplomacy and resilience to maneuver through the tip of dwarven society.


#### The Approach
As the party reaches the base of the mountain, a small stone tower guarded by armored dwarves greet them. The tower is commanded by the DWARF_NAME that wishes to know what is the destination of the party and their intent.

***DWARF_NAME.***
DESCRIPTION.

___
After confirming their intent with the guards the party then must then track to Eldunhall's gate. Each party member must make a DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check, dwarves make this skill check with advantage. If a creature has failed the check it gains 1 point of Exhaustion.

##### Groontenfjell Encounters
| 1d6 | Encounter                                                            |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | Rocks fall from the mountain (DC 15 Dexterity save, 3d6 Bludgeoning) |
|  2  | 1d4 **mountain goat**                                                |
| 3-4 | A group of merchants cross the parties path                          |
|  5  | 2d4 **dwarf commoner**                                               |
|  6  | A childhood friend of Durin crosses their path (offers hospitality)  |


#### Questioning at the Gates
Finally the party reaches the gates of Eldunhall, a massive steel gate flanked on either side by watchtowers and walls that connect with the mountain on the left side of Eldunmunn (water fall).

The guards at the gates then question the party once more, but a well dressed men approaches. The dwarf is UNCLE_NAME Saldrisen, Durin's uncle. He then invites the party into the city.


#### Within Eldunhall
After entering the city the party finds themselves in a dark, damp, and cramped series of hallways that echo the sounds of work, hammers hitting metal, trade being conducted, and stone being carved.


