# War Preparations
After returning from Eldunhall the party discovers that Birchtown has been partially fortified and the alchemist's invention has been accepted by the Band of the Griffin but is creating a tense atmosphere within the walls. 

## Late Iron
A iron shipment from a mine in the borderlands with Astora is late, Gwyn fears that the wolves have attacked the shipment and that a spy is within the city, so he asks that the party venture to the mine and discover what happened to the iron.

In reality a crew of inquisitors from the holy path has taken the miners hostage and is torturing them in order to discover exactly where is the radiant dwarf.


### Acquiring the Quest
Gwyn summons the party to his war-room, there he informs them that the war preparations have been progressing well but a iron shipment from a nearby mining village of Elland is late by three days. He is worried that the shipment has been attacked by the wolves and that a spy is within Birchtown.

Gwyn then asks to speak one on one with Alaor, while talking he slides the wizard a paper containing a request, the letter reads:

*"I would like you to incriminate the Coppereyes so that after the conflict I can take the city for myself. Make it look as if the conflict was Valerian's attempt at ascending into nobility by marring Melenia as a way to end the war, turning the city into a vassal state to Wexford.*

*As a reward I can aid you in raising an army to recover your ancestral home."*


### Traveling to Elland
The village of Elland is two days away from the city, roll on the Traveling Encounters table twice based on the day.

##### Traveling Encounters
| d10 | Encounter                                                     |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------------------|
|     |*1st Day*                                                      |
|  1  | 1 + 1d4 **forossan scouts**                                   |
| 2-3 | a fallen tree on the road                                     |
| 4-7 | 1 **hermit** and 2d8 **goats**                                |
| 8-9 | a well dressed traveling merchant                             |
|  0  | 1 **dog**                                                     |
|     |*2nd Day*                                                      |
|  1  | a broken and bloodied cart with arrows stuck to it            |
| 2-3 | 2d4 **zealots** of the holy path                              |
| 4-7 | a man being packed by crows while stuck to a wheel on a stake | 
| 8-9 | 1d4 **zealots** of the holy path                              |
|  0  | a bloodied villager                                           |


#### Elland Village
Elland once was a small and lively village near a lonely hill that was mined by the inhabitants. Now the village has been taken hostage by a group of fanatic inquisitors of the Holy Path, the center of the village is now an execution ground, the houses have been either partially or completely barricaded, and various tents with symbols of the holy path surround the village.

The party reaches the village during a burning and the screams of men, women, and children can be heard from a distance. Within the village there are 1 **Master Inquisitor**, 2 **astoran knights**, and 2d4 **zealots**.


***Urdino, Master Inquisitor.***
Urdion is a 5'8'' tall human with lightly-tanned skin, curly blond hair, light blue eyes, and a plump face. He wears a ornate red gambeson with golden lions and sages embroidered on it. He wears as well a golden ring with a ruby encrusted on it.

Urdino is a charlatan and a sorcerer that has convinced his followers that he has been chosen by God to punish the unfaithful with his "divine" magic.


### Equipment
In addition to his clothing and normal equipment, Urdino has the following notable pieces of equipment.

#### Ring of Red Sorceries
*Wondrous item (ring), rare*

A ornate golden ring with a round ruby encrusted within the center of the ring. Creatures sensitive to magic can detect that the ring is magical.

***Attunement.***
This item can only be attuned by a Sorcerer that needs to spend 1 hour connecting to the item. While attuned to the ring you can use it as a spell focus.

***Red Sorcery.***
This ring can hold a single charge of a fire spell of 1st level. The spell can be changed by spending at lest 1 hour to change it.

___
> ## Urdino
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 19 (3d6 + 6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 13 (+1) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 18 (+4) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +4, Cha +6
> - **Skills** *Deception* +8, Religion +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 3 Sorcerer **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Urdino is an 3rd-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). Urdino has the following Sorcerer Spells prepared: 5
>
> Cantrips (at will). *booming blade, control flames, fire bolt, mage hand*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *absorb elements, expeditious retreat, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (2 slots). *hold person, flame sphere*
>
> ***Metamagic.***
> Urdino has 3 sorcery points that can be spent to perform one of the following metamagic options:
> - *Subtle Spell.* Urdino can spend 1 sorcery point to cast a spell without any somatic or verbal components.
> - *Empowered Spell.* Urdino can spend 1 sorcery point to reroll up to four damage dice of a spell and use the new rolls.
>
> ***Red Sorcery (1/day).***
> Urdino can use an action to cast *burning hands* without spending a spell slot.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Mace.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d6 + 1) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Fire Bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +6 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d10) Fire damage. 


***Astoran Knight.***
The astoran knights are lesser noblemen in their youth that have trained their entire life to serve the faith blindly with martial prowess. They are between 5'8'' to 6' tall men that are covered from head to toe in plate armor with a red gambeson under the steel. They also wield steel longswords. 

___
> ## Astoran Knight
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate) 
> - **Hit Points** 21 (2d10 + 6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 13 (+1) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Con +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 9
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 2 Fighter **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Second Wind.***
> The knight recovers 7 (1d10 + 2) hit points.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Longsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d10 + 3) slashing damage. 
>

***Zealot.***
The zealots of the Holy Path are men and woman with shaved heads that wear haulberk armor and carry a pair of iron jars as weapons. Zealots are always accompanied by an inquisitor that commands them.

___
> ## Zealot
>*Medium humanoid (human), neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Lamellar)
> - **Hit Points** 9 (1d8 + 1)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 14 (+2) | 15 (+2) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +3
> - **Skills** Athletics +3, Intimidation +1
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The zealot makes two jar of shame attacks.
>
> ***Jar of Shame.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) bludgeoning damage.
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Parry.*** After an attack misses the zealot, it can use a reaction to make a jar of shame attack.
>


#### Aftermath of Zealotry
After defeating the inquisition the party will discover that almost all men have either been killed or maimed by the inquisitor and its followers. The iron shipment is intact but the 1 ton of bars must be transported back to Birchtown.

/page

## Risky Maneuver
One of Aileen's scouts has spotted a small group of forossans under the command of a member of the Wolves, three days from Birchtown. She believes that they are searching for flanking positions for the attack.

She wants to form a small force to attack the enemy detachment before they find a flank.


### The Journey
The journey to the spot where Aileen's scouts have spotted the enemy the following events can occur.

##### Journey Events
| 1d8 | Events |
|:---:|:-------|
|  1  |
|  2  |
|  3  |
|  4  |
|  6  |
|  7  |
|  8  |

During one of the nights of staying guard, if Aileen and player character shares the watch she will share her life story.


<div class='descriptive'>

#### Aileen's Story
Aileen once was a servant of a cruel forossan nobleman that abused her and the other servants. Until one faithful day, when Gwyn invaded the nobleman's keep, and Aileen killed the nobleman with a knife to the back.

When Gwyn found her in shock of what she had done, he asked her to join his newly formed band. Ever since Aileen has followed Gwyn, as if she was his shadow. Training with him and becoming his faithful scout and at times ruthless assassin.

</div>


#### Ruins in the Forrest
The party reaches the ruins of an old castle within a small grove in the borderlands between Birchtown and Wexford. The ruins are a square keep 60 foot wide 60 foot deep with 30 foot high walls that are broken in some sections, within a narrow stone staircase leads to the remnants of the battlements of the keep.

##### At the Ruins Table
| 1d6 | Situation                                | Time of Day |
|:---:|:-----------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|     |*Raid*                                    |             |
|  1  | Party reaches the ruins after the enemy  |   Dusk      |
|  2  | Party reaches the ruins after the enemy  |   Evening   |
|  3  | Party reaches the ruins after the enemy  |   Morning   |
|     |*Ambush*                                  |             |
|  4  | Party reaches the ruins before the enemy |   Dusk      |
|  5  | Party reaches the ruins before the enemy |   Evening   |
|  6  | Party reaches the ruins before the enemy |   Morning   |

***Raid.***
From within the ruins the party can see torchlight and a column of smoke, within the keep the party will find 5 **forossan archers**, 4 **forossan spearmen**, and **Baltzer** the halberdier of the Wolves. Based on the time of day that the party has reached the ruins one of the following situations.

**Morning.**
The enemy is waking up, Baltzer and two other archers are awake and at guard, the rest are waking up and are not ready for battle.

**Evening.**
The enemy is awake and at guard, Baltzer is informing the group their plan to attempt to rescue Reynhard by capturing a member of the Griffins.

**Dusk.**
The enemy is resting, Baltzer and a spearmen are guarding the ruins, the others are sleeping.



***Ambush.***
The party reaches the ruins before the enemy allowing them to prepare a ambush, DM roll on the Enemy Timing Table.

##### Enemy Timing Table
| 1d6 | Time of Day  |              |              |
|:---:|:-------------|:-------------|:-------------|
|     |*Dusk*        |*Evening*     |*Morning*     |
| 1-2 | Next Dawn    | Next Dawn    | Midday       |
| 3-4 | Early Night  | Late Evening | Evening      |
| 5-6 | Next Evening | Dusk         | Dusk         |


***Baltzer.***
is a 6' hafexian man in his mid 20's with a clean face, short black hair, a hooked nose, and blue eyes. He is clad in full plate armor, with a wolf fur coat around his shoulders, a wolf head embossed in the cuirass of his armor, and he caries a well kept hafexian halberd.

Baltzer is a strategist that prefers to command from a distance but he has a strong protective nature towards his allies.

___
> ## Baltzer
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 35 (4d10 + 4)
> - **Speed** 30ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +1
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common 
> - **Level** 4
> ___
> ***Action Surge (1/rest).***
> Baltzer can take an additional Action.
>
> ***Second Wind (1/rest).***
> Baltzer can recover 9 (1d10 + 4) hit points.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Halberd.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 10ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d10 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Vanguards Defense.***
> Baltzer can make a halberd attack as a reaction to a creature within range that has attacked an allied creature that is within 5 feet of him.
>

***Forossan Archers.***
The forossan archers are men in their early to late 20's of average height that wear green gambeson's with a white tower painted on their backs and chests, as well as a kettle helm. They carry longbows into battle.

___
> ## Archer
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15/13 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 12 (2d8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +5
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +5, Survival +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 2 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ### Actions
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Longbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 150/600 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Piercing damage. 


***Forossan Spearmen.***
The forossan spearmen are men in their mid 20's to early 30's of average height that wear haulberk's with a green tabard with a white tower painted on it, they carry simple spears into battle

___
> ## Spearmen
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14/10 (Haulberk)
> - **Hit Points** 23 (3d8 + 6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Survival +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 3 **PB** +2
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Spear (two-handed).*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d8 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
