# Ascension of a Witch


## Aftermath of Hell
The adventure begins with a cold opening, two characters sit on opposite sides of a small camp fire, a female knight in full plate and a crossbowmen with a faded red gambeson.

***Hugh.***
is a 5' 2'' tall 18 year old men with short curly brown hair, brown eyes... He dawns a plain red gambeson with a faded black lion on his left breast and a crudely drawn red heart engulfed by yellow flames on its back. He wields a handaxe and a light crossbow.

He is a close friend of Ocelfia, a very loyal and brave men, if a little stupid. He discovered Ocelfia's true capabilities and is worried that she might be following the wrong path. After that incident he decided to flee her cult in search of a dwarven healer he heard from one of her prisoners talking about, a man known as Durin.


___
> ## Hugh
>*Medium humanoid(human), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 10 (1d8 + 2)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 14 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Insight +3 Perception +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 2 **PB** +2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Handaxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Light Crossbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d8 + 2) Piercing damage.

```
```

### Silent Hut
After being brought back from the depths of Astral world, the hut of the witch Zullie is silent and devoid of life. Minoru informs the party that as pr the wishes of her mistress the hut will be sealed and burnt. But as a last parting git Zullie has allowed the party to inherit a single item from her collection in the study.

The following are the items available to the party.


#### Sylph Charm
*Wondrous item (charm), very rare*

A wooden charm depicting a humanoid with firefly wings.

***Attunement.***
This item requires attunement by a creature with 13 Wisdom or more. To attune to this item you must perform a ritual where you meditate against the wind while holding the charm against your forehead for 1 hour.

***Blessing of the Sky.***
This item has 4 charges. You can spend a charge to transmute your body into that of a sylph for up to 1 hour, you can use a bonus action to dismiss this items effects early. While in this form you gain the following benefits:

- You have a flying speed equal to twice your walking speed.

- You can use an action to become Invisible until the beginning of your next turn.

If all charges are consumed, you suffer the effects of the *true polymorph*, transforming you into a sylph and the charm is destroyed. The spell can be broken if a *dispel magic* spell is successfully cast (DC 20).


#### Alluring Skull
*Wondrous item, rare*

A tiny skull that emanates a faint blue light that enthralls the attention of any creature within a 30 feet from it. When covered by a cloth the item looses its grasp on the minds of creatures.

***Enthralling Sight.***
Creatures within 30 feet of it that have direct line of sight of the item must spend at least their movement to get close to the item. Once near the skull a creature can make a DC 11 Wisdom (Insight) check to break the allure. Creatures that have succeeded on the check are immune from this items effects for 24 hours.


#### Philosopher's Iron Mask
*Medium Armor (helmet), rare*

A iron mask depicting the face of an ancient and forgotten philosopher. While wearing the mask a creature has a heightened sensation of self importance and knowledge.

***Philosopher's Mask.***
While wearing this item you have advantage on Wisdom saving throws but disadvantage on Wisdom (Perception) and Wisdom (Insight) checks.

\page

#### Gold Pine Resin
*Wondrous item, rare*

A leather pouch containing a golden resin that emanates a fain light. The pouch contains enough to be applied to five weapons or fifteen munitions.

***Radiant Resin.***
When applied to a weapon its damage becomes magical for the purposes of overcoming resistances and deals an additional 1d4 Radiant damage as well as creating a 30 foot range of dim light for 1 hour.


#### Dragon's Bane
*Martial weapon (lance), rare*

A ornate lance depicting dragons and wyverns surrounded by elvish texts that read *"With this weapon thou shall make the sky bleed!"*.

***Magic Weapon.***
This weapon deals magical piercing damage for the purposes of overcoming resistances.

***Draconic Hatred.***
Whenever you hit a creature of type dragon it takes an additional 1d12 damage. This extra damage increases to 2d12 at 5th level, 3d12 at 11th level, and 4d12 at 17th level.


___
After the party choose their items Minoru seals the hut and ignites a campfire beneath the structure. As the fire consumes the house the dense vegetation around the clearing withers revealing the natural forest that surrounds them as well as the path to the nameless village.

When the hut has been transformed into a bonfire a spectral form of a woman exits the smoke dances in the air, if any character has taken more then one item, she transforms into a banshee and hurls a **curse of transformation** to the offending characters. Otherwise she passes into the afterlife.

***Curse of Transformation.***
Zullie's vengeful spirit speaks a group of words of power and the offending characters bodies are transmuted into house cats but maintain their Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma scores.

The curse can only be broken by sacrificing two magical items to the bonfire.

```
```

### Journey South
As the knight and the deserter walk the narrow pathways between the swamp waters they see at a distance a massive column of smoke rising from behind the south trees. As they pick up the pace to investigate they reach a bridge with a man sitting on the other side, wailing in pain (its a lie DC 15 Wisdom (Insight) check).

If the characters attempt to help the wailing men it jumps up and attacks the helping character, as another men jumps up the bridge from the other side. Roll initiative!

___
> ## Highwaymen
>*Medium humanoid(human), neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 16 (2d8 + 4)
> - **Speed** 30ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 16 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +3, Intimidation +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common 
> - **Level** 2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The highwaymen makes two dagger attacks.
>
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>


### Meeting at the Nameless Village
As the party exits the remains of Zullie's hut into the nameless village they spot a knight in plate armor accompanying a member of the cult of Mayr. The cultist presents himself as Hugh and in private he informs them that he is the lover of the witch Ocelfia and he offers the party to guide them to her as he is afraid that she is being manipulated by something.

The villagers also inform the party that a healer named Arthur passed through a few days back but left in the middle of the night.

\page

## Journey to the Cursed Keep
The party, guided by Hugh, ventures though the poisoned swamp of Farron but they must be carful as any errors in their path finding will result in dangerous consequences.

### Journey
For each of the eight day trip a character must make a DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) check, and the DM must roll on the Deep Swamp Encounters Table, on a failed check add 1 permanently for every roll.

##### Deep Swamp Encounters Table
|  d8 | Encounter                                                 |
|:---:|:----------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | 1 **leprose**                                             |
|  2  | Two commoners disposing of a body                         |
|  3  | 1d4 **hermits** traveling to Birchtown                    |
|  4  | A abandoned village                                       |
|  5  | 2d4 **snakes**                                            |
|  6  | A **horse** stuck in the mud                              |
|  7  | 1 **brown bear**                                          |
|  8  | A toppled cart sinking into the water                     |
|  9  | 1 **giant frog**                                          |
| 10  | A section of road flanked by impaled horse heads on poles |
| 11  | 1d4 **vine blights**                                      |
| 12  | A broken stone bridge over a bubbling section of river    |
| 13  | 1d4 **twig blights** and 1d4 **vine blights**             |
| 14  | A abandoned hut with a iron caldron full of burnt bones   |
| 15  | 1 **tree blight**                                         |
| 16  | 1 **capra demon** in a burning camp                       |

```
```

### Broken Keep
After traversing the swamp the party reaches the base of the hill where Farron's Keep sits atop. The castle is a dilapidated stone structure that has been haphazardly reinforced with wood and brick. Hugh, if he is alive, suggests to the party that they should either find a way to disguise themselves as newly arriving refugees or some of the characters could enter the keep through the dungeon.


#### Disguised Entry
To reach the keep the party can mix with the refugees that come regularly seeking the broken keep, but to do so they must either hide some of their equipment among the parties clothing or outside of the keep.

___
Within the keep there are 5 **guards** atop the towers of the keep, 3 **Marauders** within the first wall, 7 **commoners**, and 2 **berserkers** within the inner wall.

\page

#### Dungeon Entry
To reach the keep's dungeon the party can either attempt to sneak along the wall by each making a DC 15 (Dexterity) Stealth check, on a failed check the guards on the wall shout at the party and may even throw stones at the character (DC 13 Dexterity save taking 10 (3d6) Bludgeoning damage on a failed save or half as much on a successful one). 

Alternatively the party can march through the marsh that surrounds the keep, forcing them to make a DC 17 Constitution saving throw or be Poisoned.
___
The party then reaches a rusted bar door at the base of the structure. Following through it the party enters a narrow dark corridor that is slightly flooded within it they will find a sewage room with a massive puddle of greenish sludge on the middle and a door on the other side. If any character comes within 5ft. of it the green ooze attacks, **Roll Initiative!**

___
> ## Green Ooze
>*Large ooze, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 8
> - **Hit Points** 80 (8d10 + 32)
> - **Speed** 10 ft., climb 10 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) |  6 (-2) | 18 (+4) |  2 (-4) |  6 (-2) |  1 (-5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +7
> - **Damage Immunities** Acid; Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Necrotic
> - **Condition Immunities** Blinded, Charmed, Deafened, Exhaustion, Frightened, Prone
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60ft. (blind beyond this radius), passive Perception 8
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Amorphous.*** The jelly can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The jelly can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> **Acidic Blast.** If the green ooze hit points are reduced to 0 by an attack that deals Necrotic damage it explodes. Each creature within 10 feet of the ooze must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, taking 28 (8d6) Acid damage or half as much on a successful one.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Pseudopod.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (2d6 + 3) Bludgeoning damage plus 3 (1d6) Acid damage. 
>

After traversing the room and going through the doorway, the party will reach a room completely engulfed by darkness that is full of pillars that connect to an arched roof, skeletons dawning broken plate armor litter the ground of the side walls.

As the party walks through the room they have the strange sensation that they are being watched, then suddenly the sound of clanking metal impregnates the air. **Roll Initiative!** as the undead knights rise to battle

<div class="descriptive">

#### Cramped Room
The room is full of stone columns that have 1 foot of diameter that are spaced 5 feet apart from one another, attacks made with weapons with Reach, Two-handed, and Versatile are made with disadvantage.

Each column has an AC of 17 and 18 (4d8) hit points, destroying two adjacent columns causes the ceiling to collapse on the section. Creatures in the section take 18 (4d8) Bludgeoning damage and are knocked Prone.

</div>

___
> ## Undead Knight
>*Medium undead, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Half Plate, Buckler)
> - **Hit Points** 31 (4d10 + 8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 14 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4, Dex +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Intimidation +4
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Poisoned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Old Common
> - **Level** 4 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Undead Fortitude.*** If damage reduces the undead knight to 0 hit points, it must make a Constitution saving throw with a DC of 5 + the damage taken, unless the damage is radiant or from a critical hit. On a success, the undead knight drops to 1 hit point instead.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Rapier.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Parry.*** After an attack misses the undead knight, it can use a reaction to make a rapier attack.
>

\page

After exiting the room of the undead knights the party reaches a 5 foot wide corridor, following it leads to a spiral stair case that leads to the interior of the keep.

#### Ascension Ritual
The party reaches a ruined temple within the keep where Ocelfia is sacrificing Father Arthur and hurling its body to a bonfire in the middle of the room.

Hugh, if he is still alive, confronts Ocelfia and attempts to reason with her but at the last second when she second guesses her decisions Kyox stabs Hugh in the chest with his stinger and shouts *"He was going to shoot you!"* **Roll Initiative!**

Alternatively if Hugh is dead she will monologue about her lose and sacrifice and will shout *"Kill those intruders!"* **Roll Initiative!**

During the combat, if Kyox dies or a character gets within 5 feet of Ocelfia in her turn she will hurl herself into the fire and will be reborn as Kimaris,

```
```

___
> ## Ocelfia
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 17 (2d8 + 8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 20 (+5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +2, Cha +6
> - **Skills** Arcana +5, Deception +8, Intimidation +6,*Persuasion* +11, Religion +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 Warlock **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Ocelfia is an 3th-level Spellcaster. Her Spellcasting Ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). Ocelfia has the following Warlock spells prepared:
>
> Cantrips (at will). *poison spray, prestidigitation, infestation*
>
> 3nd Level (2 slots). *charm person, comprehend languages, hellish rebuke (fire), fireball, suggestion*
>
> ***Pact of the Chain.***
> Ocelfia can cast the spell *find familiar* as a ritual to conjure Kyox.
>
> ***Investment of the Chain Master.***
> Ocelfia has gained increased abilities with her command over her familiar:
> - She can command Kyox to make a Sting or Claw attack.
> - Kyox sting save is equal to her spell save DC instead.
> - She can use a reaction to grant Kyox resistance to the damage of one attack.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage.
>

\page

___
> ## Kyox
>*Small fiend, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14
> - **Hit Points** 9 (4d6 + 8)
> - **Speed** 20 ft., fly 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  6 (-2) | 18 (+4) | 14 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) |
>___
> - **Skills** Deception +4, Insight +3, Persuasion +4, Stealth +5 
> - **Damage Immunities** Fire, Poison
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical Attacks.
> - **Condition Immunities** Poisoned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common, Infernal
> - **Level** 4 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Devil's Sight.***
> Magical darkness doesn't impede the imp's darkvision.
>
> ***Magic Resistance.***
> The imp has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Sting.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Piercing damage, and the target must make a DC 16 Constitution saving throw, taking 10 (3d6) Poison damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. 
>
> ***Invisibility.***
> The imp magically turns invisible until it attacks or until its concentration ends (as if concentrating on a spell). Any equipment the imp wears or carries is invisible with it.
>

___
> ## Kimaris
>*Medium fiend, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 90 (10d8 + 40)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 22 (+6) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +7, Wis +6, Cha +10
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +7, Deception +10, Perception +6, Persuasion +10 
> - **Damage Immunities** Fire
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common, Infernal
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Kimaris innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At Will: *alter self*
>
> 3/day each: *charm person, hellish rebuke (fire)*
>
> 2/day each: *command, suggestion*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Kimaris Makes two claw attacks or a charm and death kiss attacks.
>
> ***Charm (Recharge 5-6).*** Kimaris looks at a creature within 60 feet, that creature must make a DC 18 Charisma saving throw or be Charmed until the end of her next turn.
>
> ***Death Kiss.*** *Auto Hit*, reach 5 ft., one charmed target. *Hit* 22 (4d10) Necrotic damage.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Slashing damage.
>
