# Galloway Quests
The following are quest in the town and surrounding are of Galloway.


## Journey to Galloway
As the party travels through the forossan windlands towards the town of Galloway the party will encounter the following events.

##### Windlands Encounters
|  2d6  | Encounter                                   |
|:-----:|:--------------------------------------------|
|   2   | 2d8 **bonewheels**                          |
|   3   | Three poles with wheels with bodies on them |
|  4-5  | 1d4 + 1 **wild horses**                     |
|  6-7  | A group of hermits traveling to Dublin      | 
|  8-9  | 1d4 + 1 **mounted thugs**                   |
| 10-11 | Two hunters walking on the side of the road |
|  12   | 1 **druid**                                 |

***Bonewheel.*** is a skeleton grafted to a wooden wheel...
___
> ## Bonewheel
>*Medium undead, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 8 (1d8)
> - **Speed** 50ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |  8 (-1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Bludgeoning
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Poisoned
> - **Senses** passive Perception 9
> - **Level** 1
> ___
> ***Charge.*** Whenever the bonewheel moves at least 30 feet straight toward a target and then hits it with a trample attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 10 (3d6) piercing damage. 
>
> ### Actions
> ***Trample.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (2d6 + 2) piercing damage. If the target is a medium or smaller sized creature, it must succeed on a DC 12 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Punch.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +0 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 1 (1d1) bludgeoning damage.
>

\page

## Galloway
Galloway is a small rural town near the river Esk... Init the party can find the following structures.

#### Three Fingers
The Three Fingers is a small one story longhouse with a fire pit in the center of the room and various hammocks.

***Tobias.*** is a short old man with a peg leg and a messy white beard. He is the owner of the three fingers, a simple tavern for travelers to sleep the night.

##### Three Fingers Prices
| Night Sleep       | Food     |
|:-----------------:|:--------:|
| 1sp for a hammock | 5cp soup |
|                   | 1sp FOOD |


#### Wyvern's Fire
The Wyvern's Fire is a large one story brick building with a large chimney...

***Saller, Tallerken.*** is a tall dwarf with a long reddish brown beard that connects with his hair. He wears simple clothes under a leather apron.

He is the last dwarf of Galloway from the family Tallerken a daughter family of the Saldrisen. He knows the legend of where Skirn was lost.

<div class='descriptive'>

*According to legend, the last holder of the Skirn, a dwarf by the name of Justein Saldrisen, built the city of Stonehall for the king Farnor the 7th but when he was marching his clan towards the capital of Tauber he was attacked by the centaur army of Farnese the 3rd of Brinam.*

*During the battle the hammer was stolen from the lifeless hands of Justein by a group of assassins known as the Silver Moon Knights.*

*After the battle, the surviving families fled back to Kaur's Range or to Stonehall, but the Tallerken family fled to Galloway where they have resided ever since.

**Silver Moon Knights.** A silvarian character, or alternatively with a successful Intelligence (History) check, a character can recall the knowledge that the knights come from the city of Irithyll.

</div>


#### Green Hall
The Green Hall is a hill shaped cobblestone building covered in moss and grass. Within it the party can find a wooden statue covered in moss of a stag (Aaine), surrounded by lit candles and incense.

***Ealar.*** is a averagely sized human with long greyish-red hair, blind of one eye...

<div class='descriptive'>

##### Quest: Sacrificial Hunt
Ealar asks the party to hunt for a beast as a sacrifice for the coming summer, in exchange he offers the party to see into their future, if nature allows him.

</div>


\page

## The Circle
The adventure begins with a cold opening, Torkell is sitting around a campfire with three other elves at the brink of dawn when they are attacked by a mysterious creature that hides amon the trees, the enemies overwhelm the elves but stop as the day dawns. 

The perspective then quickly switches to a dream that Scry is having, he sees a hilltop forest then he flies like a hawk through the trees until he reaches a great and hollow tree that he dives into, then within the hollow tree he sees a circle of small beasts and surrounded by roots a bearded face.

The rest of the party then awakens, if they decide to...


### Beggar's Ambush
As the party is traveling through the DARK_FOREST they cross a large man covered in fabrics resting in the shade, on a successful Intelligence (Investigation) check a character can determined that the beggar is draped in adernian cloths.

If a monk or brawler type character decides to talk with the bagger it will challenge him to hit him with his strongest punch or sequence, in return the beggar will do the same. 

___
If at any moment a character intervines in the challenge **Baki** organized, **Ghulam** will attack the intervening character starting a combat. ***Roll Initiative!***

If the battle never starts or the combat is not in the vampire's favor they will escape into the dark forest.


### Elder's Circle
At the center of the DARK_FOREST the party can find a clearing with a massive hollow tree at its center. Within it the party can see a stone circle with a text in druidic *"The path resides in the deep"*.

If Scry decides to attempt a spellcasting while within the circle he will find its self in a cave covered in vines, while init he can hear a voice that seems to come from beyond and a wounded faun on the center of the cave. The voice asks Scry what he will do.

Regardless of his choice the voice will show it how nature will react to his actions. Once this interaction has ended, Scry returns to consciousness as the vines that surround the circle retract to reveal a staircase to the underground.

___
Within the cave the party can find a dwarf connected to the roots of the great tree, that Kaito recognizes as his former mentor.


***Yurvilli, Elder Druid*** is a very old dwarf with a long unkept white beard and a pair of blind eyes. He is covered in vines from his neck down...

Yurvilli once was a healer on the city of Shidai, where he took up a human student (Kaito),... One day his clinic was attacked by a gang of the city that sold him into slavery to a band of mercenaries from Astora where he served as the camp's healer until the band was attacked by a Forossan mercenary group, and he was captured once again. Yuvilli was then sold once again, this time to a farm in the windlands.

After a number of years in the farm he was freed by his former slaver, he then wondered the windlands lost as a bagger, until he met a old human druid that thought him the druidic arts and gave him a new purpose, to mentor a new circle of druids to protect the land from the encroaching darkness.

___
Yurvilli seeks to teach Scry how to channel his druidic powers. He also sees that the energy pf something else resides within Skuge. In addition he has abandoned the dwarvish gods as he sees the truth of the magic of the world.




\page

# Statblocks
The following are the statblocks for the creatures in the adventure.

___
***Baki, Stone Crusher.*** is a 6'6'' tall man with a shaved head, greyish dark-brown skin, slitted yellow eyes, and very muscular body. He wears baggy terracotta pants, leather boots, and a long coat adorned with adernian iconography.

Baki is an honorable warrior that only fights if extremely necessary.

___
___
> ## Baki
>*Medium undead(vampire), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 91 (10d8 + 50)
> - **Speed** 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 20 (+5) | 20 (+5) | 10 (+0) | 18 (+4) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +8, Con +8, Wis +7
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +8, Athletics +8, Survival +7, Stealth +8
> - **Damage Immunities** Necrotic
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Old Common
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.***
> The Vampire regains 20 Hit Points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the Vampire takes radiant damage or damage from Holy Water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The Vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Vampire Weaknesses.*** The Vampire has the following flaws:
> - *Forbiddance.* The Vampire can't enter a Residence without an invitation from one of the occupants.
> - *Harmed by Running Water.* The Vampire takes 20 acid damage if it ends its turn in running water.
> - *Stake to the Heart.* If a piercing weapon made of wood is driven into the vampire's heart while the Vampire is Incapacitated in its Resting place, the Vampire is Paralyzed until the stake is removed.
> - *Sunlight Hypersensitivity.* The Vampire takes 20 radiant damage when it starts its turn in sunlight. While in sunlight, it has disadvantage on Attack rolls and Ability Checks.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Baki makes two unarmed strikes or one unarmed strike and a bite attack.
>
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (1d8 + 5) magical Bludgeoning damage.
>
> ***Three Point Strike (Recharge 5-6).*** Baki makes three unarmed strikes if all strikes hit, the target is Paralyzed until the end of Baki's next turn.
>

\page

***Ghulam, Life Drinker.*** is a 6'10'' tall man with greyish black skin, a long messy black hair, and a unkept black beard. He wears simple clothes...  

___
___
> ## Ghulam
>*Medium undead(vampire), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 105 (10d12 + 50)
> - **Speed** 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) | 20 (+5) | 20 (+5) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +8, Dex +8, Con +8, Wis +3
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +8, Athletics +8, Survival +3, Stealth +8
> - **Damage Immunities** Necrotic
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Old Common
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.***
> The Vampire regains 20 Hit Points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the Vampire takes radiant damage or damage from Holy Water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The Vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Vampire Weaknesses.*** The Vampire has the following flaws:
> - *Forbiddance.* The Vampire can't enter a Residence without an invitation from one of the occupants.
> - *Harmed by Running Water.* The Vampire takes 20 acid damage if it ends its turn in running water.
> - *Stake to the Heart.* If a piercing weapon made of wood is driven into the vampire's heart while the Vampire is Incapacitated in its Resting place, the Vampire is Paralyzed until the stake is removed.
> - *Sunlight Hypersensitivity.* The Vampire takes 20 radiant damage when it starts its turn in sunlight. While in sunlight, it has disadvantage on Attack rolls and Ability Checks.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Ghulam makes two unarmed strikes or one unarmed strike and a bite attack.
>
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage.
>
> ***Life Drinker.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (1d12 + 5) magical Slashing damage. And the target must make a DC 16 Constitution saving throw or have its Strength score is reduced by 1, until it finishes a long rest.
>

#### Life Drinker
*Weapon (greataxe), rare*

***Attunement.*** To attune this weapon you must sacrifice a humber of hit points equal to your level. And to maintain your attunement to this weapon you must either kill a creature or sacrifice a number of hit points equal to your level.

***Strength Drain.*** When you hit a creature with this weapon it must make a Constitution save or have its Strength score reduced 1, until it finishes a long rest.

The DC for this feature is equal to 8 + your Proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier.