



## Battle of Wills
As Skuge sleeps he finds himself in a strange clearing deep in the Boreal forest. After a few moments a large black wolf with silver eyes... **Roll Initiative!**


___
> ## Feirge
>*Large beast fey, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 67 (6d10 + 30)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 20 (+5) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str 7, Dex +7, Wis +7
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +7, Stealth +7
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Condition Immunities** Frightened
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 17
> - **Languages** Elvish, Common
> - **Level** 6 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Keen Smell.***
> Feirge has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on smell.
>
> ***Pack Tactics.***
> Feirge has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the wolf's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.
>
> ***Rallying Howl (1/day).*** 
> When Feirge howls it can conjure two wolf spirits, each occupying a unoccupied space within 5 feet of him. Each spirit uses the Wolf stat block but their creature type is fey and they take their turns after Feirge.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Feirge makes two claw attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Piercing damage. If the target is a medium sized creature or smaller, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (2d4 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Howl.*** Feirge can perform a intimidating howl. Creatures of its choice within 120 feet of the howling wolf must succeed on a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw or be Frightened until the begging of Feirge's next turn.
>


___
> ## Wolf
>*Medium beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 11 (2d8 + 2)
> - **Speed** 40ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 15 (+2) | 13 (+1) |  3 (-4) | 12 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Skills** Perception +3, Stealth +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 15
> - **Level** 2
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The wolf has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Pack Tactics.*** The wolf has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the wolf's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (2d4 + 2) piercing damage. If the target is a medium sized creature or smaller, it must succeed on a DC 11 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Howl.*** The wolf can perform a intimidating howl. Beasts and humanoids within 120 feet of the howling wolf must succeed on a DC 11 Wisdom saving throw or be Frightened until the beginning of the wolf's next turn.
>

At the end of the battle Skuge awakens in sweat...

- If Skuge defeats Feirge but takes at least half of its total hit points during the battle, he awakens with 1 level of exhaustion and its full hit points.
- If Skuge is defeated by Feirge he awakens with 2 level of exhaustion and its full hit points.