# Journey to Irithyll


## Stop at  Dochart Falls
After traveling up stream the Fridhorn river the ship reaches a small riverside keep near the Dochart falls where a familiar ship is docked. The keep is controlled by a garrison of knights, vassals to the king Loegaire Lorc, that has captured Donovan and the sailors.

As the parties ship approaches the waterfall they will receive a message asking the ship to dock or return to where it came. If the party docks the ship they will meet the knights and their captives.

> #### DM Notes
> Among the characters in custody of the knights there's a bloodied and exhausted Donovan (Rishu)

After a lengthy conversation the knights and the prisoners a horn will be blown, signaling an attack on the keep. The party then will aid in the defense of the castle against the Thidreks *(drake barbarians)*.


### Thidreks Attack
The attack consists of a large siege battering ram approaches the main main gate from the road. The equipment carries a pair of red banners with a white dragon.

Within the battering ram's structure there are 4 **Thidreks Knights** and following close behind there are 2 **bowmen**.

While the enemy approaches, if a large number of characters congregate on the battlements, **Roran** will cast *fireball*.

___
***Roran.*** is a short and deformed man in his late 30's with a skin partially covered in reddish-brown scales, malformed horns cover its head and his eyes are silted.

___
> ## Roran
>*Medium humanoid (elf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 35 (5d6 + 10 + 5)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 18 (+4) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +5, Cha +7
> - **Skills** Intimidation +7, Religion +4, Stealth +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Metamagic.*** Roran has 5 Sorcery Points that it can spend with the following metamagic options:
> - *Distant Spell.* When he casts a spell that has a range of 5 feet or greater, you he spend 1 sorcery point to double the range of the spell. When he casts a spell that has a range of touch, he can spend 1 sorcery point to make the range of the spell 30 feet.
>
> - *Empowered Spell.* When he rolls damage for a spell, he can spend 1 sorcery point to reroll a up to four damage dice. He must use the new rolls.
>
> ***Spellcasting.*** Roran is an 5th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Charisma (spell save DC 15, +7 to hit with spell attacks). Roran has the following Sorcerer Spells prepared: 6
>
> Cantrips (at will). *blade ward, fire bolt, mage hand, prestidigitation, sword burst*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *absorb element, charm person, detect magic*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *dragon's breath*
>
> 3rd Level (2 slots). *dispel magic, fireball*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* -1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 (1d1) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***light crossbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 0/0 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (0d0 + 0) TYPE damage. 


\page

___
___
> ## Battering Ram
>*Huge, vehicle (10 ft., by 30 ft.)*
> ___
> - **Creature Capacity** 4 crew
> - **Speed** 15 ft.
> - **Proficiency Bonus** +2
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) |  8 (-1) | 18 (+4) |    0    |    0    |    0    |
>___
> ```
> ```
> - **Damage Immunities** poison, psychic
> - **Condition Immunities** blinded, charmed, deafened, exhaustion, frightened, incapacitated, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, stunned, unconscious
>
>
> ##### Hull
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 400 (Damage Threshold 10)
> - **Hit Points** 10
>
> ### Actions
> ***Ram.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* 7 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 22 (4d10) Bludgeoning damage. 
>

___
> ## Thidreks Knight
>*Medium humanoid (elf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 22 (Plate, Tower Shield)
> - **Hit Points** 49 (6d10 + 12)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) |  9 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 6 Knight**PB** +3
> ___
> ***Action Surge (1/day).*** The knight takes an additional action.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The knight makes two longbow attacks.
>
> ***Warhammer.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Bludgeoning damage. 
>

___
> ## Bowmen
>*Medium humanoid (elf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 19 (+4) | 14 (+2) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +7, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Slight of Hand +7, Stealth +7
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The bowmen makes two longbow attacks.
>
> ***Longbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, range 150/600 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage. 

\page

## Liath'Mhor Ascent
After defeating the attackers the party can beguin their journey to the city of Irithyll...

##### Liath'Mhor Encounters
|  d8 | Encounter |
|:---:|:----------|
|  1  | 1 **stone drake**
|  2  |
|  3  |
|  4  |
|  5  |
|  6  |
|  7  |
|  8  |

\page

# Appendix A: Statblocks

___
***Rishu.***
is a short man with light brown skin, narrow brown eyes, a shaved head and a long and narrow nose. He wears a strange plain green tunic with baggy beige pants that are wrapped at the shins. He carries a small leather bag, a quarterstaff, and a strange bottle of alcohol.

Rishu is a prince of the kingdom of Dulaan and a pen pal of an elvish sorcerer known as Sulyvhan of Irithyll. He has journeyed to the Boreal Forest in search of meeting his friend. 

___
> ## Rishu
>*Medium humanoid (human), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 20 (4d8 + 3)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 18 (+4) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +2, Insight +4, Perception +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common, Elvish
> - **Level** 4 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Alcohol Resistance.***
> Rishu has advantage on Constitution saving throws against being Poisoned.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Quarterstaff.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d10 + 4) Bludgeoning damage with two hands. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Redirecting Strike.***
> Rishu can redirect a melee weapon attack that has missed him, forcing the attack to be made towards another creature within 5 feet of him.
>

\page

***Stone Drake.*** is a large lizard-like creature covered in stone-like plates.


___
___
> ## Stone Drake
>*Large dragon, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20
> - **Hit Points** 119 (10d10 + 60) (Damage Threshold 9)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) |  8 (-1) | 22 (+6) |  6 (-2) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +8, Con +9
> - **Skills** Athletics +8
> - **Damage Resistances** Piercing and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Stone Camouflage.*** The stone drake has advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks made to hide in rocky terrain.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The stone drake makes two slam attacks.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 14 (2d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> The stone drake can take 2 legendary action, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The hill giant regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Detect.*** the giant makes a Wisdom (Perception) check.
>
> ***Stop (Costs 2 Actions).*** The stone drake stomps the ground with tremendous force. Each creature within 5 feet of the giant must make a DC 18 Strength saving throw, on a failed save the creature takes 7 (2d6) Bludgeoning damage and is knocked Prone or takes half the damage and isn't knocked Prone.
>