> ##### DM Note
> The events described in this chapter of the adventure can only occur if a PC with enough magical powers critically fails on a spellcheck of spell of 5th level or higher.


# Crossroads of Destiny
___
ADVENTURE_SUMMARY

### Durin's Last Action
After unsuccessfully attempting to cast *teleportation circle*, Durin awakens on a snowy cliffside overlooking a mountain range. There's a dwarf sat in a rock looking at the view, Saldrin himself.

___
From the perspective of the party they see Durin vanish into dust, as the ground shakes beneath them and buildings crumble as the sky swirls and winds howl like wolves.

The party hears a woman's voice calling for help from a red door. *On a DC 20 Insight check a player can discern that the woman is Heks.*

If the party follows the voice the ***Forgotten Town*** adventure begins. Alternatively if the party ignores the woman's voice continue ***Painted World of Naryn*** knowing that the world has changed. 

___
Back in Durin's perspective he can see Saldrin himself, he congratulates him on reaching the world of the *remembered* as he puts it...

***Saldrin.*** is a strong dwarf of average height with heat tanned skin from the forge a long greyish-black-brown beard braided and adorned with golden and silver rings, with one distinct elvish-silver ring on one of his left braids, brownish-green eyes and a hooked nose.

He wears a simple light gambeson over a darkgreen tunic and leather pants.

After talking to Saldrin, Durin must roll a d6.

| 1d6 | Painted World's Merge Location                           |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | On a field between Dublin, Melfia, up of Rattvik         |
|  2  | South of Dublin and Brinam on the edge of Farron's swamp | 
|  3  | On a forest between Stonehall and Wexford                |
|  4  | On the mountains north of Lucerna                        |
|  5  | On the fields south of Rostov                            |
|  6  | On the mountains between Jomsfort and Havinfort          | 

## Forgotten Town
After passing through the red door the party finds themselves within a familiar ash covered circular courtyard of a smithy, the party is inside the Hall of Hands in the broken town of Birchtown.

Outside of the smithy, the party can find the purple tent of an old fortuneteller that in reality is Heks.

> ##### Heks Motivations
> Heks is the deity of deception and secrets...
>
> **Goal.** Heks wants to escape the river of causality and to do so she must kill the idea of evil, in turn she must "kill" the humanoids by making the dark souls merge with humanoids.
>
> **Motivation:** Heks sent the group away from the painted world so they wouldn't see how creatures made of the dark souls react in the real world.
>

All around the party there are the ash covered and crumbled buildings of the once Town of Birchtown.

From the darkness of the ruins strange creatures start to emerge. Some are deformed feathered-humanoids while others are 

\page

### Aftermath of a Wish

___
***Gwyn, the Blind Hawk.***
is a medium sized humanoid creature with armored wings that span 10 feet each, as well as plate covered body with a metal hawk-like head with slashed eyes and wields his signature estoc, a thrusting longsword.

Gwyn, after the incident, has been transformed by the former human Alaor and his mind has been destroyed to the point of madness. He now patrols the airspace of Birchtown in order to "protect" the city. 

___
> ## Gwyn, the Blind Hawk
>*Medium monstrosity, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 180 (15d8 + 60)
> - **Speed** 30 ft. Fly 120 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 26 (+8) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +7, Int +5, Wis +5, Cha + 7
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +7, Athletics +13, Insight +5, Perception +5
> - **Damage Resistances** Slashing
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed, Frightened
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60 Ft. (Blind Beyond This Radius), passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 15 **PB** +5 Elite
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing.*** Gwyn has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing.
>
> ***Slashing Wind.***  If Gwyn flies at least 80 feet straight toward a target and then hits it with a pike attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 27 (5d10) Slashing damage.
>
> And each creature within a 10-foot radius must make a DC 21 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
>
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Estoc.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +13 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 12 (1d10 + 8) Piercing damage.
>



___
> ## Aileen, the True Shadow
>*Medium undead, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 58 (10d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 24 (+4) | 13 (+1) | 14 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +8, Wis +6, Cha +4
> - **Skills** *Acrobatics* +12, Perception +6, *Stealth* +12
> - **Damage Immunities** Bludgeoning, Piercing and Slashing
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Fire, Radiant
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Frightened, Grappled, Paralyzed, Petrified, Poisoned, Prone, Restrained
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 Ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Amorphous.*** The shadow can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing.
>
> ***Shadow Stealth.*** While in dim light or darkness, the shadow can take the Hide action as a bonus action.
>
> ***Sunlight Weakness.*** While in sunlight, the shadow has disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Aileen makes four attacks.
>
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d4 + 4) Piercing damage.
>
> ***Dart.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, range 20/60 ft., one target. *Hit* 2 (1d4) Piercing damage.
>
> ***Shortbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 +4) Piercing damage.
