# Adernian Savanna    
___
The Adernian savanna is a narrow section of land between the Astoran Highlands and the river Nhar and its free cities.
___
After passing through the mountain passage, the party finds its self on the savanna. As they journey towards they spot a column of dark smoke coming from the horizon.

If the party decides to investigate the smoke they will find a small village under attack by a pack of hyena-men (*gnolls*). After protecting the village they can rest and inform themselves on the way of the land.
___
Alternatively, if the party ignores the smoke, they continue their journey and reach an old road. As they walk through the road they cross with a band of hermit merchants.

##### Savanna Random Encounters
| d10 | Encounter                                |
|:---:|:-----------------------------------------|
|     |*Day time*                                |
|  1  | MONSTER                                  |
| 2-3 | A herder and 1d6+4 **goats**             | 
| 4-7 | 1d6+4 **gazelles**                       |
| 8-9 | A toppled carriage with dried-up corpses |
|  0  | TREASURE                                 |
|     |*Night time*                              |
| 1-3 | DEMON                                    |
| 4-7 | 1d4+4 **dust mephits**                   |
| 8-9 | 1d6 **gnoll**                            |
|  0  | GOOD                                     |

\page

### Village Under Siege
The small village of Bursa, a collection of conical buildings surrounded by a improvised wall that was destroyed on one of its section.

Within the village, the party can find a band of hyena-men (*gnoll*) ransacking the village while its inhabitants attempt to resist.

___
***Gnoll.*** are humanoid hyenas with bloodshot eyes, messy fur and . 
They are frenzied creatures that wield stone weapons.

___
> ## Gnoll 
>*Medium humanoid (gnoll), chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 47 (5d10 + 15)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) | 16 (+3) |  6 (-2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, *Intimidation* +5
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Gnoll
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Frenzy.*** Whenever the gnoll loses 13 hit points or more it can make a bite attack as a reaction.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The gnoll makes two greatclub or javelin attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (2d6 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Greatclub.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Javelin.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, range 30/120 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Piercing damage.

#### Encounter Difficulty
| Difficulty | Encounter       |
|:----------:|:----------------|
| Easy       | 6 **gnoll**     |
| Medium     | 6+1d4 **gnoll** |
| Hard       | 6+1d6 **gnoll** |
| Very Hard  | 6+1d8 **gnoll** |

```
```

After defeating the pack of gnolls, the party can find the following remaining characters on the village.

#### Elder's Hut
The Elder's Hut is a sandstone building on the center of the village adorned with banners
___
***Feza.*** is a slender man in his late 60's with dried brown skin very short white hair, a white beard, and dark brown eyes. He wears a ornate tunic and headdress.

He is a very concerned man full of fear in his heart. He has been failing in his duties as a leader.

#### Barracks
The barracks is a long sandstone building adorned banners and worn shields.

___
***Fakir.*** is a young man with brown skin, long curly black hair adorned with silver and gold rings, dark-brownish eyes with a hint of green and a star shaped scar on his chin. He wears an old and very worn set of plate armor and wields a greatsword.

He is the paladin of the village and leader of the warriors of the village. He became a paladin after hunting a monstrous beast that was taught to have sequestered his wife but in reality she was cursed into becoming the beast.

___
***Tansel.*** is a young man with brown skin, short curly dark-brown hair, dark-brown eyes and a full beard. He wears a haulberk and wields a spear.

He is a bit of a hothead and envious of Fakir's gift.

___
***Ersin.*** is a young man with brown skin, long black dreadlocks, brown eyes and a full beard. He wears a haulberk and wields a maul.

He is a calm man with a stoic outlook but a willingness to hear anyone. Ersin is the best friend of Fakir even when Fakir isn't his best friend.



\page

### Hermit Merchants
As the party travels through the old road to Zau they slowly approach a small caravan of traveling merchants. The caravan is composed of three worn carriages pulled by two camels each, that are followed by two men on donkeys.

___
***Muna Tarik.*** is a old woman in her late 80's with ebony wrinkled skin and faded green eyes. She wears a gambeson-like black full body garment.

She used to be the wife of a wealthy merchant from Zau but after a series of misfortunes they were forced to abandon the city and become traveling merchants.

The party can discover the following information about Zau and the region:

- The city of Zau is a closed walled city ruled by a prideful lineage of kings that are advised by a council of elders and oracles.

- In the last two years the city of Carthus has been conquering the surrounding villages as well as declaring war on Shidai. But a month ago a massive sandstorm has engulfed the city of Shidai.

___
***Nadim Tarik.*** is a ebony man in his early 40's with short curly black hair, greenish-brown eyes, a crooked nose and a full beard. He wears a simple gambeson...

He is the youngest son of Muna and the second in command of the caravan.

___
***Asad.*** is a late middle aged light-brown skinned man with greenish-brown eyes covered from head to toe in a old tunic that was patched many times. Sown on it are various trinkets.

He is a follower of Zeri the Unraveler of Fate and he believes that if he wraps himself in his past he can hear her wisdom.

___
***Younis.*** is a young brown skinned man with reddish-brown eyes, long black beard, messy black hair and a hooked nose. He wears a simple white tunic with a red turban.

He is the youngest member of the caravan but he is a very clever merchant.

___
***Nuli.*** is a young light-brown skinned woman covered in scars, short messy black hair, and brown eyes. She wears a patchwork of different armors over a red tunic and she wields a pair of scimitars.

She used to be a slave but after being freed from captivity by Sidon she became his partner in business.

___
***Sidon.*** is a ripped ebony early-middle aged man with a square bald head, green eyes and a large nose. He wears simple clothes and wields a battleaxe.

He is a grizzled veteran of many campaigns that became the mentor of Nuli after rescuing her from slavery.

```
```

##### Caravan Inventory
| Item                                     | Price Range | DC |
|:-----------------------------------------|:-----------:|:--:|
| Hunting arrow (5)                        |  2gp -  1gp | 10 |
| Needle arrow (10)                        |  3gp -  1gp | 13 |
| Barbed arrow (10)                        |  5gp -  2gp | 15 |
|*Weapons*                                 |             |    |
| Longbow                                  | 75gp - 50gp | 10 |
| Shortbow                                 | 30gp - 25gp | 10 |
|*Miscellaneous*                           |             |    |
| Statue of four armed humanoid (Nhum)     | 10gp -  1gp | 10 |
| Pendent of black smoke (Skiaa)           | 25gp - 10gp | 13 |
| Golden salamander (Sakhr)                | 50gp - 30gp | 15 |
| Four armed sylph sandstone statue (Reta) | 8gp -   5sp | 10 |

___
***Hunting Arrow.***
The hunting arrow gives an additional 1d4 to Wisdom (Survival) checks to track down the creature hit by it for 1 hour, or until the creature regains at least 1 hit point.

___
***Needle Arrow.***
The needle arrow gives a +2 bonus to damage but a -1 penalty to attack rolls.

___
***Barbed Arrow.***
The barbed arrow sticks to the target when hit, requires a bonus action to be removed and deals 2 Slashing when removed. But attack rolls have a -2 penalty.

\page

## Storm Hunt
After begging their new journey through the Adernian savanna the party saved a village from a gnoll attack and or crossed paths with a caravan of traders before camping under a clear sky. Only to wake up to a cloudy and vey windy morning.



### Stampede and Lightning Storm
As the party journey through the savanna to the village of VILLAGE_NAME on their journey to Zau the sky slowly starts to close, the winds start to howl and finally a thunder storm begins.

A few minutes after the storm begins a desperate stampede of 2d6+4 **gazelles** followed by a massive flying creature appears.
___
The flying creature is a **vishap**, a ancient wyvern that has become the apex predator of this lands after the merger of the astral and physical worlds.

##### DM Note
During this encounter the **vishap** is not very interested in attacking the party, it will attack the gazelles and flee.

___
> ## gazelle
>*Medium beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13
> - **Hit Points** 8 (1d8)
> - **Speed** 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 11 (+0) |  6 (-2) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Perception +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Level** 1 *PB* +2
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing.*** The gazelle has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks related to hearing.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Ram.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) TYPE damage. 
>

```
```

### Nomads in Distress
After the first encounter with the vishap, as they continue their journey they will begin to hear the fain sound of chimes in the distance as they approach an encampment of a nomadic tribe.

The Naver are a small tribe of nomads of the adernian savanna that are surviving the changes in the world by surrounding their encampment with wind-chimes made from shards of a deep-blue glass known as *GLASS_NAME* that is a monster repellent.

___
***Herasin.*** is an old frail man with short brown hair and beard, faded blue eyes and dark-brown skin. He wears a ornate tunic with a red cape.

He is the elder and ruler of the tribe.

___
***Herban.*** is a man in his late 30's with short brown hair and a full beard, blue eyes and dark-brown skin. He wears a ornate gambeson under a colorful cape and wields a pair of scimitars.

He is the eldest living son of Herasin and the leader of all warriors of the village.

___
***Majid.*** is a late middle-aged man with a very scared face and hands, shaved square head, thick brown beard and mustache and orange-brown eyes. He wears a colorful tunic under a worn leather apron.

He is the head leatherworker of the village, being responsible for making all the leather items for the village.

___
***Thriti.*** is a late middle-aged woman with a calm demeanor, short curly greyish-black hair and brown eyes. She wears a very colorful tunic...

She is the head weaver of the village, being responsible for making all the clothes for all the villagers.

___
***Adrina.*** is a young woman in her early 20's with brown skin, large orange-brown eyes and short messy curly brown hair. She wears a colorful tunic under a worn and loose fitting leather apron.

She is the youngest daughter of Majid, the head leatherworker of the village, but she became an essential 

#### Offer from the Naver
Herasin offers the party to guide them to the town of Ubara after returning to the village with at least the head of the Vishap.


\page

### Storms End
After talking to the Naver tribe the party must fulfill a 6 sided **Hunt Clock** before a 4 sided **Storm Clock** completes.
___
**Hunt Clock.** The party can progress the clock by:
- Making a relevant DC 20 skill check, the skill can't be repeated.
- Spend a relevant spell slot or a limited use feature.

___
**Storm Clock.** This clock progresses after each failed check or round. Once completed a lightning storm begins to rage.

___
***Vishap.*** are large sandstone colored wyverns with blue crystal-like horns that point forward, blue scales on the tips of its wings and tail.

The Vishap is a legendary monster of old that was hunted down by the elves according to legend.

#### Storm Empowerment
While a lightning storm is occurring the Vishap deals and additional 5 (1d10) lightning damage on all its attacks and rolls it breath weapon recharge with advantage.

___
___
> ## Vishap
>*Large dragon, chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 224 (16d10 + 64)
> - **Speed** 20 ft. fly 80 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 22 (+6) | 18 (+4) | 11 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +9, Dex +11, Cons +9
> - **Skills** Athletics +9, Perception +5, Stealth +11
> - **Damage Immunities** Lightning
> - **Damage Resistances** Thunder, Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Condition Immunities** Paralyzed
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 15
> - **Level** 16 Elite *PB* +5
> ___
> ***Indomitable (2/Day).***
> The vishap can reroll a saving throw that it has failed. If it does so, it must use the new roll.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The vishap can make three attacks, with only one being a bite, tail or lightning bolt.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d10 + 4) Piercing damage plus 5 (1d10) Lightning damage.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +11 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d6 + 6) Slashing damage. 
>
>
> ***Tail.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +11 to hit, reach 15 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (1d8 + 6) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ```
> ```
> ***Lightning Bolt.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +11 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Lightning damage and it can't take reactions until the start of its next turn.
>
> ***Lightning Breath (Recharge 5-6).*** The vishap exhales lightning in a 60-foot line that is 5 ft. wide. Each creature in that line must make a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw, taking 49 (9d10) Lightning damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> Vishap can take 2 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. Vishap regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Move.*** The vishap moves up to its speed without provoking opportunity attacks.
>
> ***Tail Attack.*** The vishap makes a tail attack.
>
> ***Wing Attack (Costs 2 Actions).*** The vishap beats its wings. Each creature within 10 ft. of the vishap must succeed on a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw or take 9 (1d6 + 6) Bludgeoning damage and be knocked Prone. The vishap can then fly up to half its flying speed.
>

\page

# Appendix: Stat Blocks

___
***Dust Mephit.*** is a small elemental creature made of sand and dust in the shape of a winged humanoid with a beaked head and nose.

The travel in packs in search of travelers to torture them in their journey with dust devils and slashing winds.

___
> ## Dust Mephit
>*Small elemental, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 9 (2d6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft. fly 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Perception +2, Stealth +4
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non magical attacks
> - **Condition Immunities** Poisoned, Grappled, Restrained
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Auran, Terran
> - **Level** 2 *PB* +2
> ___
> ***Death Burst.*** When the mephit dies, it explodes in a burst of dust. Each creature within 5 ft. of it must then succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw or be Blinded for 1 minute. A Blinded creature can repeat the saving throw on each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The mephit's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 13, +5 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *gust*
>
> 3/day each: *catapult*
>
> 1/day each: *dust devil*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>