# High Rock Mountain
___
DESCRIPTION.

## Beneath the Watchtower
After being teleported by the gnomes to the find themselves within a clearing in a forest of cypresses. Within the clearing the party can find a structure composed of large stone blocks forming doorways with moss covering them, as well as mushrooms and a small stream that cuts through part of the clearing.

A few miles from the clearing that the party finds themselves there's a large astoran fortress known as the Banisher Watchtower.

### Banisher Watchtower
The Banisher Watchtower is a 30-foot radius 50-foot tall, beige stone brick tower. The building has five stories...

From the top of the tower characters can see the walled city of High Rock, a small town "that is a city only in name" within it there are various brick buildings, spires, and towers. Interestingly the walls of the city seem to guard both the city from the outside as well as the city its self.

Within it the party can find the following characters.
___
***Sr. Florian Droz.*** is a 6' tall strong tanned man with curly dirty-blond hair with a well kept beard, dark-brown eyes, and a hooked nose.

He wears a full set of red plate armor adorned with a brass lion on its chest plate. In combat he wields a greatsword.
___
***Loich.*** is a 5'10'' tall man with lightly tanned skin, long wavy brown hair, a clean shaven slender face and reddish-brown eyes.

He wears a red gambeson with a yellow lion on his left chest and a green cape. In combat he wields a pair of scimitars.

___
After the inopportune attempts at deception made by Skuje and Scry made both commander Droz and Loich to grow suspicious of the pair of "new members".

The next day Loich will invite the two to show them the patrol routes but in reality he aims to ambush and interrogate them.

#### Patrol Ambush
Early in the morning Loich "invites" the two new members to a morning patrol in order to show them the routes around High Rock. In reality Loich aims to ambush and interrogate them with a group of 5 **rangers**.

___
> ## Ranger
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 31 (5d8 + 5)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 19 (+4) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4, Dex +7
> - **Skills** Perception +6, Stealth +7
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The ranger makes two weapon attacks.
>
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d4 + 4) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Longbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, range 150/600 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage. 

___
> ## Loich
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 31 (5d8 + 5)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 19 (+4) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4, Dex +7
> - **Skills** Perception +6, Stealth +7
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Loich makes two scimitar attacks.
>
> ***Scimitar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>


```
```

\page

## The Necropolis of Nauros
The Necropolis of Nauros is a complex network of tunnels beneath the city of High Rock that first began as a network of tunnels between the houses of the small city for nightly travel.

But in the last year, after the **divine wine incident**, has transformed into a underground city for the army of reanimated skeletons and virgin-born "knights" that grew to men in three months.

### Divine Wine Incident
During one of the monthly visits of the treasurers from the city of Lucerna a auditor of the BANK_NAME gifted Eleanor Hayes, the head priestess of the Orthodox Church of the Holy Path, a number of wine bottles in commemoration of her 79th anniversary.

After consuming the wine bottles during her birthday diner all members that were inebriated had a delirious fever that was known as the *"communal revelation"*, in which the astral form of Alaor revealed to them a path to recover the position of true royalty.
___
In the following months, four strange events occurred that later were known as the *miracles*. Firstly the last son of the former king, Aubin Alaie Hayes, a paralytic 50 year old since his childhood, began to recover and in six months became a capable man.

Then all women, that partook of the wine, began to become younger day after day with most escaping death's door to the early 40's or even younger.

At the same time some of the men, despite not becoming younger, discovered the ability to reanimate and control the dead and with this powers started the construction of the necropolis.

Finally, in the last three months before the present day, some of the women that rejuvenated traveled to the depths of the tunnels of the necropolis and performed virgin births of albino boys, the ludak, that grew to adulthood in this three months.
___
This resulted in a cult of the divine wine, and in preparation of the holy war, the inhabitants of the city have either left for the necropolis underground or have been imprisoned for not being followers leaving the streets empty.


> ##### DM Notes
> Alaor has used its knowledge of the ancient Holy Path's dogmas and mythology in order to attempt to overthrow the current church in revenge.
>

```
```

### Layout of the Necropolis
The necropolis is composed of five layers...

#### Old Tunnels
The old tunnels are a collection of tunnels built to connect the various cellars, basements and houses of the city in order to facilitate the movement of goods and adulterers.

|  d4 | Encounter                                          |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | A wine cellar turned dungeon with 1d4 **captives** |
| 2-3 | A underground church of the orthodox holy path     |
|  4  | A nobleman's underground red room                  |

___
From the mausoleum underneath the church the party can find a crude stairwell that leads to the next layer.

#### Crypts
After descending the stair the party reaches the crypts layer, a series of corridors with small openings on the walls where candles are placed in order to illuminate the corridors. The party can find the following rooms.

|  d6 | Encounter                                                 |
|:---:|:----------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | A corridor guarded by 2 **mob of skeletons**              |
| 2-3 | A pit of darkness that leads to *Stone Citadel*           |
| 4-5 | A corridor guarded by 1 **mob of skeletons**              |
|  5  | A noble-family crypt turned dungeon with 1d4 **captives** |
___
If the party investigates the layer thoroughly they will come across the *ancient crypt* before reaching a stairwell to the next layer.
___
***Ancient Crypt.*** The party can find a rectangular chamber made of stone bricks with eight marble coffins depicting ancient warriors on the lid with a half-broken statue of a woman at the end of the room. If the party enters the crypt they will be attacked by 4 **skeleton warriors**, after defeating the skeletons the party can discover that the statue was partially restored and a sculptor was working on it.

With a successful Intelligence (Religion) check a character can discern that the statue represents

\page

#### Stone Citadel
After descending the stairwell to the next layer a almost completely engulfed in darkness series of "streets" that connect houses, libraries, 

|  d8 | Encounter                                                     |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | A chamber with 1 **mob of skeletons** and 1 **Ludak**         |
| 2-3 | A house built into the cave wall with a aristocratic interior |
| 4-5 | A corridor with 1 **Ludak** and 1 **cultist**                 |
| 6-7 | A library full of religious texts and swordsmanship manuals   |
|  8  | A noblemen's house with 1 **cultist** inside                  |

___
***Nursery.*** The party can find a chamber with various tapestries draped over the walls depicting farmlands and animals while the ground has a large number of bloodstained towels and five wooden cribs scattered throughout the room.

___
***Cave of Fungi.*** The party finds a natural cavernous tunnel that leads to a large cave with various fungi growing from the walls and ground.

Among the rocks of the cave, the party can find a half-buried head of an ancient elven statue.


#### Palace of the Nether Lion
Finally, the party reaches a stone brick wall at the end of the citadel with a large double door flanked by two red banners depicting black lions.

Within the party will fight their way through a gauntlet of encounters in order to reach the matriarch of this necropolis **Eleanor**.

___
***Guards at the Entrance.*** After entering the palace the party must might 1 **mob of skeletons**, 1 **ludak** and 1 **cultist**.

___
***Garrison.*** Then the party reaches a dining hall that looks after a lake with black waters that is guarded by 1 **mob of skeletons** and 2 **ludak**.

```
```

#### Lake of Shadows
Behind the palace the party reaches a underground lake with black waters that is illuminated by the torches and brazers of the palace.

Walking on the lake's water **Eleanor** is in a delirious state mumbling about the coming miracles.

The last remaining 3 **ludak** fight alongside **Eleanor** and **prince Aubin**.


##### Infecting Strike
When Eleanor reaches 0 hit points she will be taken over by an evil essence as she strikes at her own abdomen, taking out her womb and crushing it which causes her to conjure a dark spell.

***Infecting Strike.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +10 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 22 (4d10) Necrotic damage. And the target has to make a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or be Cursed with Alaor's will.

\page

### Relevant Characters
Among all the various noblemen, noblewomen, servants and the few remaining children that now live under High Rock in the necropolis of Nauros, the following are the most relevant characters.
___
***Eleanor Alaie Hayes.*** is a woman looking to be in her early middle age, with long blond hair, reddish dark-brown tired eyes, a slightly wrinkled face and a single mole on her left eye. She wears a fine black silk dress with purple sashes adorned with orthodox symbols in fine gold threads.

In reality she is the former concubine of the late King Armand Barret Hayes and the 81 year old head priestess of the Orthodox Church of the Holy Path that has been corrupted by the will of the astral being that Alaor has become.
___
> ## Eleanor
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 10
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 19 (+4) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +7, Cha +6
> - **Skills** *Deception +9*, Insight +7, Perception +7, Persuasion +6, *Religion +10*
> - **Senses** passive Perception 17
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 Cleric **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** Eleanor's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 15, +7 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *sacred flame, light*
>
> 2/day each: *command, healing word, hold person*
>
> 1/day each: *silence, revivify*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 2 (1d4) Piercing damage. 
>

```
```
___
***Prince Aubin Alaie Hayes.*** is a slender short man with a sickly face and brown psychopathic eyes and almost white golden hair. He wears a old and worn ornate gambeson depicting the coat of arms of the house of Hayes.

He is the last living heir of the Hayes, the former royal family, that survived due to him being born paralytic but after regaining his ability to move a flame of vengeance and avarice has ignited in his heart.

___
> ## Prince Aubin
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Gambeson, shield arm)
> - **Hit Points** 40 (5d10 - 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, *Deception +7*, Insight +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 Fighter **PB** +3 (elite)
> ___
> ***Action Surge (1/day).*** The Prince takes an additional action.
>
> ***Second Wind (1/day).*** The Prince recovers 1d10+5 hit points.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The prince makes two longsword attacks.
>
> ***Longsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (1d10 + 4) Slashing damage. And the target must succeed a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or be Poisoned for up to 1 hour on a success the target is immune for 24 hours.
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Parry.*** After an attack misses the prince, it can use a reaction to make a longsword attack.
>

#### Shield Arm
*Armor (gauntlet), uncommon*

A reinforced gauntlet with articulated plates that cover the ar up to the shoulder.

***Armor Class.*** +3

***Limited.*** You can only wear this over light armor.

***Parry.*** You can make an attack with a melee weapon as a reaction, whenever a creature misses a melee weapon attack against you.

\page

***Marcilla.*** is a short slender girl with short dark-brown curly hair and dark brown eyes. She usually wears simple clothings but currently she is wearing a sack of potatoes.

She is a captured servant of the town that has been imprisoned on the necropolis due to her questioning of the miracles.

___
***NAME.*** is a 


\page

***Mob of Skeletons.*** is a group of between five to nine reanimated skeletons that work and move together as a unit.

___
> ## Mob of Skeletons
>*Huge swarm of Medium undead, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Armor scraps)
> - **Hit Points** 74 (8d12 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) | 15 (+2) |  6 (-2) |  8 (-1) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Bludgeoning
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Poisoned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Understands Common but can't speak.
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Mob.*** The mob can occupy another creature's space and vice versa, and the mob can move through any opening large enough for a Medium skeleton.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The mob makes eight attacks on its turn. Every 8 hit points lost the mob loses one attack, to a minimum of 1 attack.
> 
> ***Shortsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Shortbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage. 

___
***Skeleton Warrior.*** is the reanimated skeleton of an ancient warrior from the beginning of the 2nd age.

___
> ## Skeleton Warrior
>*Medium undead, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Haulberk, Tower shield)
> - **Hit Points** 64 (8d10 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  6 (-2) |  8 (-1) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Intimidation +6
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Bludgeoning
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Poisoned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 9
> - **Languages** Understands Common but can't speak.
> - **Level** 8 Warrior **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Second Wind (1/day).*** The warrior recovers 1d10 + 8 hit points
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The warrior makes two longsword attacks.
>
> ***Longsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Slashing damage. 

\page

___
***Ludak.*** are N large and muscular man with pale white skin, sunken eyes and completely hairless that were birthed in the depths of the necropolis.

Each ludak wears only billowing pants made from the bedsheets that he was cradled in after birth, leather boots and hand wrappings.

___
> ## Ludak
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 108 (10d12 + 40)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 16 (+3) | 18 (+4) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +0, Con +0
> - **Skills** Athletics +0, Acrobatics +0
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing and
> - **Condition Immunities** Stunned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Demonic, Understands Common but can't speak it.
> - **Level** Berserker 10 **PB** +4
> ___
>
> ***Reckless.*** At the start of its turn, the berserker can gain advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls during that turn, but attack rolls against it have advantage until the start of its next turn.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Ludak makes two greataxe attacks.
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

___
***Black Ooze.*** DESCRIPTION.
___
> ## Black Ooze
>*Large ooze, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class**  7
> - **Hit Points** 62 (8d10 + 24)
> - **Speed** 20 ft., climb 20 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) |  5 (-3) | 16 (+3) |  1 (-1) |  6 (-2) |  1 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +6
> - **Damage Immunities** Acid, Cold, Lightning, Slashing
> - **Condition Immunities** Blinded, Charmed, Deafened, Exhaustion, Frightened, Prone
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60 ft. (blind beyond this radius), passive Perception 8
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Amorphous.*** The ooze can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing.
>
> ***Corrosive Form.*** A creature that touches the ooze or hits it with a melee attack while within 5 feet of it takes 4 (1d8) Acid damage.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The ooze can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Pseudopod.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit:* 7 (1d6 + 4) Bludgeoning damage plus 18 (4d8) Acid damage.
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Split.*** When a ooze that is Medium or larger is subjected to Lightning or Slashing damage, it splits into two new oozes if it has at least 10 hit points. Each new ooze has hit points equal to half the original pudding's, rounded down. New puddings are one size smaller than the original pudding.
>

\page

***Cultist.*** are the old noblemen of High Rock that have been turned into 

___
> ## Cultist
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 7
> - **Hit Points** 14 (8d6 + 18)
> - **Speed** 20 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) |  5 (-3) |  6 (-2) | 24 (+7) | 13 (+1) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +10, Wis +4, Cha +4
> - **Skills** Arcana +10, Religion +10
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The cultist's innate spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> 3/day each: *hold person, misty step, web*
>
> 2/day each: *banishment, phantasmal killer*
>
> 1/day each: *dominate person*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* -1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 (1d1) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
