## Return Encounters
If the party decides to return to Birchtown...

##### Traveling Random Encounters
| 1d8 | Encounter                                                                                               |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | 1d3+1 **will o' wisp**                                                                                  |
| 2-3 | A ruined temple of the Holy Path                                                                        |
| 4-5 | 1d4+1 **giant boar**                                                                                    |
| 6-7 | An ancient stone archway, stepping through it a character gains advantage on Wisdom saves for 24 hours. |
|  8  | 2d10 **elk**                                                                                            |

### Village of Exter
Exter is a small walled village composed of small houses, a tavern, a blacksmith and a great hall that surround a fighting pit on the central plaza.

The village was founded by the great grandfather of Hector Marshall in order to create the fighting pit without being taxed by the astoran or forossan kingdoms.


#### Mace Head Tavern
The Mace Head Tavern is a wooden building with simple tables and a bar with wine and whisky kegs behind it. Within the tavern the party can find the following characters:

***Thomas Sharp.*** is a short middle aged man with almost no hair left, a large and well kept greyish-brown mustache and a large gut. He wears simple clothes.

***Lean, the Bum.*** is a drunk old man with a massive massive greyish-brown hair and beard. He wears torn old clothes.  

> ##### Tavern Rumors
> The party can hear the following rumors from the patrons of the tavern:
> - *Lie* The handler Walter used to be a mercenary.
> - *Truth* Oscar's father was seeing a woman before he died.
> - *Lie* The lord's grandfather used to heat human hearts and all his descendants do the same.
> - *Truth* The nearby village of **Torridon** has no walls and hasn't been attacked since the monsters began appearing.
>

#### Downie's Blacksmith
Downie's Blacksmith is one of the few stone and brick buildings of the village...

***Oscar Downie.*** is a young man in his early thirties with short dark-brown hair, brownish-green eyes and a unkept goatee. He wears simple worker clothes under an old large and thick leather apron that clearly belonged to his father.

He recently inherited the blacksmith after his father died one night after a mysterious heart attack one year ago.

#### Exter's Great Hall
The great hall is a larger wooden square building with a double door adorned with carvings of farmers, masons and blacksmiths. Within it the party can find the following characters:

***Lord Hector Marshall.*** is a young man in his late 20's...

He has been lord of Exter for the last three years after his father, Harold Marshall died while hunting a boar.

***Lady Lia Marshall.*** is a young woman in her early 20's with a bitch face, green eyes, a perfect nose and long blond hair.


#### Fighting Pit
The fighting pit is a hole in the central plaza of Exter where young men, mostly slaves, fight against each other and beasts while villagers and visitors bet on the fighters.

When the party arrives in Exter the pit has a fight on its way. The party can find the following characters:

***Walter.*** is an old man with a jerks-face, short white hair, blue eyes and a crooked nose. He wears simple clothes stained with booze. He is the handler of the pit and responsible for sanctioning and overseeing the fights.

> ##### Slave Fight
> Within the pit the party can see two half-naked teenagers fighting bare knuckled while a small number of men bet on the fighters.
>
> After the fight two groups of slavers pick up the winner an loser.

\page

### Attack on the Road
As the party is traveling trough the road towards the village of Torridon, the party passes trough a misty grove when they are attacked by 6 **wolves** and **Max Lynch**.

After 1 round of combat the enemies retreat into the misty grove.

___
> ## Wolf
>*Medium beasts, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 20 (3d8 + 3)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Perception +3, Stealth +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Level** 3 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The wolf has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Pack Tactics.*** The wolf has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the wolf's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (2d4 + 3) Piercing damage. And the target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>

```
```

***Max Lynch.*** is a tall humanoid with a wolf head, strong furred arms, wolf legs and green human eyes. He wears a scuffed cuirass and patchwork leather straps and he wealds a well used greatsword.

He used to be a human that vowed to protect the village after his friend **Lexie** was nearly killed by boars while picking flowers in the grove. While protecting the village from monsters a year ago, max was injured and accidentally make a deal with a fey spirit, Velatha, that cursed him into a half-wolf.

He now protects the village without being able to return, in fear that the villagers will attack him.

___
> ## Max Lynch
>*Medium humanoid, lawful good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Cuirass)
> - **Hit Points** 81 (9d10 + 27)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 13 (+1) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +8, Dex +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +8, Perception +6, Stealth +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 9 Warrior **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The wolf has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Pack Tactics.*** The wolf has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the wolf's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.
>
> ***Second Wind (1/day).*** Max Recovers 14 (1d10+9) hit points.
>
> ***Action Surge (1/day).*** Max can make an additional action.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Max makes two greatsword attacks
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

\page

### Village of Torridon
The village of Torridon is a small independent farming village surrounded by groves and small communal farmlands. Within the village the party can find the following important locations:

#### House of Thistles
A wooden house atop a hill on the outskirts of the village with pink flowers painted on the walls, the doors of the house are slightly lower then most houses.

The house is a apothecary operated by the following characters:
___
***Old Baba.*** is a very short and stocky old woman with short white hair, blind of one eye and very serious. She wears a simple green tunic.
___
***Lexie.*** is a young woman with short black hair, reddish-brown round eyes and a soft and friendly face. She wears a short green tunic for her size over beige pants that are too large for her.

She was a friend Max since childhood, a tomboyish girl that always liked to play in the dirt and mud. As she grew she fell under the wing of the apothecary Old Baba.

##### Apothecary Items
| Cost | Item              |
|:----:|:------------------|
| 50 gp | Antitoxin (vial) |
|  5 gp | Healer's Kit     |
|  5 gp | Perfume          |
| 10 gp | Herbalism Kit    |

#### Wollyson's Carpentry
Wollyson's Carpentry is a large wooden structure connected to a house where the party can see men working all day long on cutting and refining timber.

There they can aid the men for 5 gp a day. In addition they can find the following characters:
___
***Miller Wollyson.*** is a middle-aged man with strong arms, short brown hair, and a tanned friendly face. He wears simple clothes and well worn leather fingerless gloves.

___
***Jenson Wollyson.*** is a young man with strong arms as his father but long brown hair, and a mostly displeased face.

___
***Lucia Wollyson.*** is Miller's wife and treasurer of the carpentry, she is a focused woman with long black hair and purplish-blue eyes. She wears a simple dress.


#### Dancing Fox Inn
The Dancing Fox is a large two story tall building that serves where most villagers congregate at the end of the day and travelers rets for the night.

At the inn the party can find the following characters:
___
***Myra Dunlop.*** is a middle-aged woman with long curly greyish-brown hair green eyes and a potato nose.

> ##### Inn Rumors and Events
> The party can hear the following rumors from the patrons of the inn:
> - *Truth* The village used to have one warrior that dedicated himself to hunting down beasts and eventually monsters in the nearby groves.
>
> - *Lie* Max died, most currently in battle, but was never found and his spirit defends the village.
>
> ***Familiar Face.*** As the party is resting in the inn, one of the party members sees the face of Ravi O'li on the window looking in. Investigating the sighting results in nothing.
>
> Asking around the party can hear the following rumors:
>
> - *Truth* She is a vagrant that travels from village to village.
>
> - *Lie* She is the daughter of a lord from the near by village of Hillton that died and her spirit haunts this lands.
>


#### Elder Hall
The Elder Hall is a large stone communal building where the elders of the village discuss on the problems of the community as well as where the guards maintain their equipment.

In the Elder Hall the party can find the following characters:
___
***Reggie Walker.*** is a old hunched man with a bald head and a shallow beard. He wears a simple tunic. He is the owner of multiple plots of land on the

\page

### Confronting Velatha
If the party reaches a small lake on the center of one of the groves near the village the party can find a single tiny humanoid-shaped creature bathing in it.
___
***Velatha.*** is a tiny humanoid with translucent moth wings, black mirrored eyes and light-blue antennas. She uses her wings like a cloak around her naked but featureless body.

She hates the humans of the world and nearby village, especially Max, whom she cursed to be a half-wolf because of his doggish name.

___
> ## Velatha
>*Tiny fey, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 55 (12d4 + 24)
> - **Speed** 15 ft. fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  1 (-5) | 18 (+4) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 20 (+5) | 22 (+6) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +8, Wis +9, Cha +10
> - **Skills** *Deception* +14, Insight +9, Perception +9, Stealth +8
> - **Damage Immunities** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non magical attacks.
> - **Senses** Truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 19
> - **Languages** Sylvan, Common
> - **Level** 12 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Magic Resistance.*** The pixie has advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Velatha's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *magic missile, greater invisibility (self only)*
>
> 2/day each: *confusion, dispel magic, entangle*
>
> 1/day each: *sleep (3rd level)*
>

> ##### Servants of the Fey
> At initiative 20 the following creatures join the encounter.
>
> | Round | Creatures         |
> |:-----:|:------------------|
> | 1st   | 4 **wolves**      |
> | 2nd   | 2 **wolves**      |
> | 3rd   | 1 **brown bear**  |
> | 4th+  | 2 **brown bears** |
>

\page

# Appendix: Statblocks
___
***Will o' Wisp.*** is a torch-like ball of light that attracts travelers to their doom...

___
> ## Will o' Wisp
>*Small fey, true neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 21 (6d6)
> - **Speed** fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  1 (-5) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +5, Cha +3
> - **Damage Immunities** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Grappled, Paralyzed, Poisoned, Prone, Restrained, Unconscious
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 6 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Ephemeral.***
> The will o'wisp can’t wear or carry anything.
>
> ***Incorporeal Movement.***
> The will o' wisp can move through other creatures and objects as if they were difficult terrain. It takes 5 (1d10) force damage if it ends its turn inside an object.
>
> ***Variable Illumination.***
> The will o' wisp sheds bright light in a 5-to-20-foot radius and dim light for an additional number of feet equal to the chosen radius. The will o' wisp can alter the radius as a bonus action.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Consume Life.***
> The will o' wisp can target one creature it can see within 5 feet of it. The target must succeed on a DC 10 Constitution saving throw, on a failed save the creatures Constitution score is reduced by 1 point.
>
> ***Invisibility.***
> The will o' wisp and its light magically become invisible until it attacks or uses its Consume Life, or until its concentration ends (as if concentrating on a spell).
>

```
```

___
***Giant Boar.*** is a enlarged boar with bloodshot eyes, thick fur and massive tusks.

___
> ## Giant Boar
>*Large beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 72 (8d10 + 24)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  4 (-3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +7
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The giant boar has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Charge.*** If the giant boar moves at least 20 feet straight toward a target and then hits it with a tusk attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 7 (2d6) Piercing damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 11 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Relentless Endurance (1/day).*** If the boar takes damage that reduces its hit points to 0, but doesn't kill it out right, its hit points are reduced to 1 instead.  
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The giant boar makes two tusk attacks.
>
> ***Tusk.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Piercing damage.
>

\page

___
> ## Wolf
>*Medium beasts, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 20 (3d8 + 3)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Perception +3, Stealth +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Level** 3 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The wolf has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Pack Tactics.*** The wolf has advantage on an attack roll against a creature if at least one of the wolf's allies is within 5 ft. of the creature and the ally isn't incapacitated.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (2d4 + 3) Piercing damage. And the target must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>


___
> ## Brown Bear
>*Large beast, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 15)
> - **Speed** 40ft., climb 30ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  3 (-4) | 13 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Level** 5
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The bear has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The bear makes two claw attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) piercing damage. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) slashing damage. If the target is a medium sized creature or smaller, it must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Rageful Roar (1/day).*** The blood bear roars with intense fury. Each creature within 30 feet of it must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened.
>