# Highlands Quests
___
After defeating the cultists beneath High Rock the city suffered a "earthquake" that fractured the houses, churches and most importantly its walls.

The serfs and children of the city crawled their way out of the crumbled town. Among the confusion a group of servants of **DAN_CHAR** smuggled the unconscious prince Aubin out of the city.
___
The party, after exiting the rubble and chaos, finds themselves back at their encampment.

\page


## Highlands Encounters
If the party decides to continue to move through the Astoran Highlands they will have the following encounters in their journeys

##### Traveling Random Encounters
| 1d8 | Encounter |
|:---:|:----------|
|  1  | 1 **Manticore** |
| 2-3 | A toppled cart with large claw markings. |
| 4-5 | 2d4 **elk** |
| 6-7 | A group of adernian refugees |
|  8  | 1 **brown bear**

\page

### Zealots of the Black Lion
During one of the rests the party is ambushed by 2 **mobs of skeletons** and 1 **oathbreaker**
___
> ## Oathbreaker
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Plate+2)
> - **Hit Points** 72 (8d10 + 24)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +3, Cha +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +8, Intimidation +8
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 8 Paladin **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** The oathbreaker is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Charisma (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). The oathbreaker has the following Paladin Spells prepared:
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *spell*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *spell*
>
> ***Ruinous Smite.*** The oathbreaker expends a spell slot to cause its melee weapon attacks to magically deal an extra 9 (2d8) Necrotic damage to a target on a hit. If the oathbreaker expends a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the extra damage increases by 1d8 for each level above 1st.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The oathbreaker makes two greatsword attacks.
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 12 (2d6 + 5) Slashing damage. 
>

___
> ## Mob of Skeletons
>*Huge swarm of Medium undead, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Armor scraps)
> - **Hit Points** 74 (8d12 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) | 15 (+2) |  6 (-2) |  8 (-1) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Bludgeoning
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Poisoned
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Understands Common but can't speak.
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Mob.*** The mob can occupy another creature's space and vice versa, and the mob can move through any opening large enough for a Medium skeleton.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The mob makes eight attacks on its turn. Every 8 hit points lost the mob loses one attack, to a minimum of 1 attack.
> 
> ***Shortsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Shortbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage. 

\page

## Appendix A: Statblocks

___
***Manticore.*** is a large monstrosity with a lion body, bat wings, a scorpion tail and a uncanny human-like face.

Manticores are fearless monstrosities that hunt alone using its tail stinger to debilitate its prey with poison.

___
> ## Manticore
>*Large monstrosity, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 180 (12d10 + 60)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 22 (+6) | 16 (+3) | 20 (+5) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +10, Dex +7
> - **Skills** *Athletics* +16, Perception +6
> - **Condition Immunities** Frightened
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Level** 12 (Elite) **PB** +4
> ___
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The manticore makes two claw attacks and a stinger attack.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 13 (2d6 + 6) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Stinger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d4 + 6) Piercing damage. And the target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking 33 (6d10) Poison damage or half as much on a successful one. 
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> The manticore can take 2 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The manticore regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Detect.*** The manticore makes a (Wisdom)Perception check.
>
> ***Claw.*** The manticore makes a claw attack.
>
> ***Wing Attack.*** The manticore beats its wings. Each creature within 5 ft. of the manticore must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone. The manticore can then fly up to half its flying speed.
>

___
> ## Brown Bear
>*Large beast, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 15)
> - **Speed** 40ft., climb 30ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  3 (-4) | 13 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Level** 5
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The bear has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The bear makes two claw attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) piercing damage. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) slashing damage. If the target is a medium sized creature or smaller, it must succeed on a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Rageful Roar (1/day).*** The blood bear roars with intense fury. Each creature within 30 feet of it must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened.
>