# Journey South
___
After defeating the fey Velatha on the village of Torridon, the party continues their journey south...

## Town of Freewaters
Freewaters, located between High Rock and Ronda, is a walled town...

### Decaying Prince
After reaching the town, **Carline's** is called by its advisors to speak with the now withering prince within a room atop one of the keep's towers.

Prince Aubin has been regressing back to its previous bedridden state ever since he was spirited away from High Rock. In his weakened state he will talk about the following topics:
- Aubin will ask if his mother was a witch and curses her soul.
- There is a strange presence in the surrounding region, a woman that once invaded his room at night.


### Tavern Whispers
As the party rests on one of the various taverns in town, they will hear the following rumors:
- *Truth* TODO
- *Truth* A woman with the same description as Ravi O'li has been sighted on various taverns and even the houses of some of the townsfolk.
- *Lie* TODO


### Merino Ranch Request
The Merino ranch is a large cattle ranch on the outskirts of Freewaters that has been producing meats and cured meats for generations by the family **Merino**. Recently they suffered an strange attack in the middle of the night and are requesting for aid to the ruling family.

Talking with the head of the Hector Merino he will guide them to the barn where the cows were attacked. There they can find the following evidence:
- The dead cattle were pierced by a stinger and wounded by claws.
- (DC 20 Medicine) The cattle were poisoned by the stinger
- (DC 20 Investigation) The creature seems to be able to fly.

- Tracking the creature down they can locate a sleeping **manticore** in a clearing in the forest atop a nearby hill.

\page

#### Den of the Manticore
Atop a forested hill, the party can find a clearing with various knocked down trees, animal carcases litter the ground, and a sleeping manticore on the center of the clearing.
___
If the party reaches the manticore with a successful DC 16 Dexterity (Stealth) check they can ambush it.

Regardless, **roll Initiative!** On the 2nd round of combat another manticore enters the combat.

##### Reward
Among the bones and carcases the party can find baby manticore, a ornate rapier with a blue crystal encrusted on the blade, and a leather backpack containing a map of the stars and a spellbook.

#### Rogier's Rapier
*Martial weapon (rapier), rare* (Attunement)
___
A ornate rapier with a blue crystal encrusted on the blade's edge. The ornamentation depicts moons and stars resembles Melfian iconography.

***Spellcasting Focus.*** This weapon can be used by a Wizard as a spellcasting focus with a +1 for spellcasting checks.


___
***Manticore Kitten.*** is a tiny kitten manticore with fuzzy fur, large paws, and bat wings for its size.

___
> ## Manticore Kitten
>*Tiny monstrosity, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 6 (1d4 + 2)
> - **Speed** 20 ft., Fly 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 12 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4, Dex +2
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Perception +3
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
>
> ### Actions
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +2 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Stinger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +2 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage. And the target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking 5 (1d10) Poison damage or half as much on a successful one.
>


```
```
___
***Manticore.*** is a large monstrosity with a lion body, bat wings, a scorpion tail and a uncanny human-like face.

Manticores are fearless monstrosities that hunt alone using its tail stinger to debilitate its prey with poison.

___
> ## Manticore
>*Large monstrosity, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 180 (12d10 + 60)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 22 (+6) | 16 (+3) | 20 (+5) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +10, Dex +7
> - **Skills** *Athletics* +16, Perception +6
> - **Condition Immunities** Frightened
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Level** 12 (Elite) **PB** +4
> ___
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The manticore makes two claw attacks and a stinger attack.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 13 (2d6 + 6) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Stinger.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d4 + 6) Piercing damage. And the target must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking 33 (6d10) Poison damage or half as much on a successful one. 
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> The manticore can take 2 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The manticore regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Detect.*** The manticore makes a (Wisdom)Perception check.
>
> ***Claw.*** The manticore makes a claw attack.
>
> ***Wing Attack.*** The manticore beats its wings. Each creature within 5 ft. of the manticore must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or be knocked prone. The manticore can then fly up to half its flying speed.
>

\page

### Journey to the Desert
As the party travels south from Freewaters to the Adernian Desert the party will cross paths with a melfian spellsword, but before that the party might have a random encounter.


##### Astoran Random Encounters
| 1d6 | Encounter                              |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------|
|  1  | A caravan of merchants headed to Ronda |
| 2-3 | COMBAT_ENCOUNTER |
| 4-5 | A hermit and his herd of sheep         |
|  6  | 1d4 **bandits** and 1 **bandit boss**  |


#### Rogier the Unlucky
As the party travels through the roads on the countryside of Astora, not so far from Freewaters, the party can find a man with a big hat siting on a tree stump beneath the shade of a tree.

___
***Rogier, Spellsword of Melfia.*** is a 5'8'' tall man with pale skin, long straight black hair tied in a bun, dark blue eyes and a crocked nose. He wears a blue gambeson with silver thread embroidery depicting the moon and the stars, and a large plain dark-blue hat.

He is a spellsword (duelist that uses both magic and swordplay) from Melfia that is on a personal quest to find his brother, Arthur the royal painter of the Astoran family that went down to Shidai years ago.
___
As the party finds him he is crestfallen, his horse was taken at night by a creature leaving him weaponless and devoid of his spellbook and map.

If the party aids the crestfallen spellblade he offers to join them on their trip and informs them of a strange mansion that only appears at night further down the road.

___
> ## Rogier
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson, Buckler)
> - **Hit Points** 46 (8d6 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +7, Wis +3
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +6, Arcana +7, History +7, Perception +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Common, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Rogier is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 15, +7 to hit with spell attacks). Rogier has the following Wizard Spells prepared: 12
>
> Cantrips (at will). *dancing light, fire bolt, mage hand, message*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *detect magic, magic armor, magic missile, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *hold person, misty step, suggestion*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, gaseous form*
>
> 4th Level (2 slots). *banishment, locate creature*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Rapier.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Defensive Duelist.***
> Rogier can react to an attack by increasing its AC by +3 in an attempt to prevent an attack.
>
> ***Parry.***
> After an attack misses Rogier, he can use a reaction to make a rapier attack.
>


\page

## Astor's Cursed Mansion
On the side of the south road there's a old dilapidated mansion that only appears only at night.

In reality this mansion is the demiplane of Astor, the aspect of astoran trade, that has been cursed by the presence of the hand cannon that Scry traded with him for a future grift.
___
***Hand Cannon's Curse.*** The hand cannon that Scry traded with Astor survived the eclipse and when exposed to the astral world in Astor's care corrupted his path through time and space.

Among the effects of this corruption the mansion has been invaded by strange warriors from somewhere else, the fear of firearms is molding the non-euclidean space of the mansion and is summoning the fears into the mansion.

### Atrium
The atrium is a simple rectangular room with dark wooden walls adorned with an old faded map of the continent, banners from various houses (some of which the party can't recognize) and a plain door on one of the walls.

A few moments after the party enters the room they can hear the ghostly voice of Astor echo through 

*"Hello "*
<!-- TODO: Create dialogue abut Astor's current situation -->

___
Opening any of the door leads to a dark 100 foot long 10 foot wide corridor full of portraits of various nobles with a **arquebusier** on the end.

At the end of the corridor the party can find a plain door, opening conjures one of the following rooms.

##### Mansion's Room Encounters
|  1d20 | Room        | Encounter                                |
|:-----:|:------------|:-----------------------------------------|
|   1   | Dungeon     | 2 **war trolls**                         |
|  2-3  | Library     | 4 **blunderbussers**                     |
|  4-5  | Library     | 2 **arquebusiers**  2 **blunderbussers** |
|  6-7  | Library     | 4 **arquebusiers**                       |
|   8   | Battlefield | 1 **officer** 4 **arquebusiers**         |
|   9   | Battlefield | 1 **officer** 4 **blunderbussers**       |
| 10-11 | Bedroom     | Corpses of soldiers litter the room      |
| 12-13 | Bedroom     | 5 **blunderbussers**                     |
| 14-15 | 
| 16-17 |
| 18-19 |
|  20   | 

```
```
### Battlefield
The battlefield is a section of a trench system 10 feet wide, 120 feet long, and 10 feet tall. On the other side there's a mansion door. 
___
If the party stays **3** or more rounds roll on the complications table.

##### Complications
| 1d6 | Complication |
|:---:|:-------------|
|  1  | Artillery! (DC 15 Dexterity save; 18 (4d8) Bludgeoning fail; Half damage success) |
| 2-3 | 1d4 **blunderbussers** |
| 4-5 | 1d4 **arquebusiers**   |
|  6  | 1 **officer**          |

### Bedroom
A once 

\page
# Appendix: Stat Blocks

___
***Arquebusier.*** are undead humanoids of various races with greyish-dark brown dried skin, glowing ember red eyes and no hair or beard. They wear a scuffed cuirass over military uniforms that have seen some action.

All arquebusiers wield an arquebus and a saber as a sidearm, with some carrying backpacks.

___
> ## Arquebusier
>*Medium undead, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Cuirass)
> - **Hit Points** 47 (5d10 + 15)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Dex +7
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Understands Common, but can't speak it.
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Second Wind (1/day).*** The arquebusier recovers 10 (1d10+5) hit points.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The arquebusier makes two saber attacks.
>
> ***Saber.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Arquebus.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, ignores armor and shields, range 150/600 ft., one target. *Hit* 18 (4d8) Armor Piercing damage. 

#### Arquebus
*Weapon (firearm), vary rare*

| Damage       | Range   | Weight | Properties                       |
|:------------:|:-------:|:------:|:---------------------------------|
| 4d8 Piercing | 150/600 | 20 lb. | Ammunition, loading*, two-handed |
___
***Armor Piercing.*** Attacks ignore armor and shield of targets but spells that increase AC aren't ignored.
___
***Inaccurate.*** Attacks made with this weapon can't benefit from proficiency bonus or bonus damage from your Dexterity modifier.
___
***Loading.*** To reload this weapon you must spend an action.


___
***Blunderbusser.*** are undead humanoids of various races with greyish-dark brown dried skin, glowing ember red eyes and no hair or beard. They wear simple clothes and a heavy backpack.

All cannoneers wield blunderbuss and brass knuckles.

___
> ## Blunderbusser
>*medium undead, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 81 (8d12 + 24)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 16 (+3) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Dex +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Understands Common, but can't speak it.
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Blunderbusser makes two brass knuckles attack.
>
> ***Brass Knuckles.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Blunderbuss.*** The Blunderbusser fires a cone of lead bullets in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw, taking 36 (8d8) Piercing damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.

\page

___
***Officer.*** are undead humanoids of various races with greyish-dark brown dried skin, glowing ember red eyes and no hair or beard. They wear a scuffed but ornate cuirass over military uniforms that have seen some action.

All officers wield a flintlock pistol and a saber as a sidearm, with some adorned with capes and medals.

___
> ## Officer
>*Medium undead, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Cuirass)
> - **Hit Points** 68 (10d8 + 20)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 17 (+3) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +7, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Perception +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Understands Common, but can't speak it.
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Leadership (1/day).*** The officer utters inspiring words, all non hostile creatures within 30 have 1d6 bonus on its next attack or save.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The officer makes two saber attacks.
>
> ***Saber.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Pistol.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, range 30/90 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (2d8) Armor Piercing damage. 

```
```
___
***War Trolls.*** are large monsters with greyish skin covered in mismatched plates of steel from different knights. Its head is enclosed in a mask of steel with only ventilation holes.

War Trolls are used by the undead soldiers as siege engines.

___
> ## War Troll
>*Large giant, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 165 (11d10 + 55)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) | 16 (+3) | 20 (+5) |  6 (-2) |  9 (-1) |  7 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +9, Con +9
> - **Skills** Perception +3
> - **Senses** Blindsight 120 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Giant
> - **Level** 11 (Elite) **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The troll regains 22 hit points at the start of its turn. If the troll takes Acid or Fire damage, this trait doesn't function at the start of the troll's next turn. The troll dies only if it starts its turn with 0 hit points and doesn't regenerate.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The war troll makes two slam attacks.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 14 (2d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Rageful Slam.*** After suffering 22 or more damage on a single hit the war troll can make a slam attack.
>

\page

