# JOURNEY_SOUTH
___
After spending a couple of days in the town of Freewaters, the party begins their journey through the Astoran countryside while investigating the strange sequence of sightings of their former companion Ravi.

#### Road Encounters
As the party travels through the old kings road they can come across the following encounters

##### Road Encounters Table
| 1d8 | Encounter                             |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------|
|  1  | 2d4 **direwolf** and **goblin** rider |
| 2-3 | Corpse of a hanged woman on a tree    |
| 4-5 | 1d4 **knights** and 2d12 **soldiers** | 
| 6-7 | A hermit herding 4d6 **goats**        |
|  8  | 1d4 **mercenaries** from Freewaters   |

### Village of Murlo
Murlo is a small brick-walled village that sits atop a lonely hill. The surrounding region has a number of ranches and farms with sections of wooden walls scattered on the edges of some of the larger farms.

When the party approaches the outer wall sections two young teenagers in guard duty enquire on the parties destination and goals.

___
Within the village the party can find mostly elders, a large number of women, early teenage boys and children. The majority of remaining adult men are artisans.

As a result the party can find the following...

#### Blacksmith
A cobblestone building near the center of the village, the "smithy" was maintained by Onorio and his two sons.

The Blacksmith is being maintained by the following characters.

___
***Lucca Blacksmith.*** is a 14 year old boy with a slender but toned physique, short curly brown hair, a freckled face and dark-brown eyes.

He wears simple clothes under a oversized leather blacksmithing apron and is normally carrying his father's hammer. Lucca is a brash and energetic buy that is very dedicated to his craft, although a bit distracted at times.

___
***Ido Blacksmith.*** is a 13 year old boy with a slender physique, short dirty-blond hair, and dark-brown eyes.

He wears simple clothes that always are scuffed or patched. Ido is like a shadow to his brother and not much of a talker.

One night he was visited by "Ravi" on his sleep, he has not told anyone about what happened.



#### Walking Willow Inn
The Walking Willow is the 2nd largest building of the village, a two story brick building with red clay shillings and a large wooden sign depicting a walking willow.

Within the inn the party can find a large saloon with tables and rooms on the 2nd floor.

The inn is patroned by the following characters.

___
***"Old" Omar Stavo.*** is an old man in his late 60's with a bear belly, almost no more hair on his head, a shallow white beard and fading brown eyes.

He wears simple clothes with whine stains and carries an old cain. Omar once was a mercenary but after his "tour of the countryside" he opened up the Walking Willow as his retirement.

***Erika Stavo.*** is a middle-aged woman with a large plump body, long braided brown hair and greenish-brown eyes.

She wears cooks attires most of the time. Erika is the oldest daughter of Omar, she never married and became his caretaker.

___
***Camilla & Tullia.*** are identical twins with 11 years of age, with short very dark-brown hair, and round dark-brown eyes.

Camilla always wears a red dress under har apron while Tullia wears boyish-common clothes.

Camilla one night, while watching the moon from her window saw an "angel woman with black wings atop the smithy's roof".


#### Temple of the Sage
A simple wooden square building on the central portion of the village, the temple is a basic structure with its only distinguishing feature being the ornate double doors carved with religious symbols.

Within the party can find a prayer room for the aspect of wisdom The Sage and the following characters:

___
***Sage-master Teodosio.*** is a old man in his late 50's with long but patchy white hair, blind of both eyes, and very slender.

He wears worn ornate robes of the Holy Path and carries a walking stick. He is advising all the women and children of the village in order to prevent the despair of the war that the man have gone to.

___
***Nina.*** is a 17 year old girl with long black straight hair, dark-brown eyes and a narrow nose.

She wears simple white robes and assists the sage-master on his duties. Nina was the middle daughter of a nearby village that left with her boyfriend only for him to disappear in the dead of night.


\page


### Village of Orres
The village of Orres is a large walled village that sits atop a rocky hill. The surrounding region is a very dry grasslands where sheep herders and cattle farmers supply the region with meat.

In addition the village is also surrounded by mines and quarries that supply the mason guild.

___
Within the village the party can find mostly middle-aged to old man, women and children. As well as the following notable locations.

#### Orres Mason Guildhall
The guildhall is a long brick building near one of the gates of the village. Within it the hall is a large open room with ornate stone pillars that hold the tall roof where the masons of the guild turn large boulders into ornate pieces and even rectangular blocks for sculpture.

The party can meet the following characters in the guildhall:

___
***Fausto "Chisel-fingers".*** is a middle-aged man with large callused hands, broad shoulders, a boxy head with a greyish brown shallow beard and curly hair. He wears simple clothes covered in stone dust.

He is the master mason of the guild and one of the few remaining adults on the guild. He can inform the party that the nearby quarry has been silent since the man have gone to war.

___
***Siro.*** is a 10 year old boy with strong arms, curly brown hair and brown eyes. He wears simples clothes covered in stone dust.

He was visited by a tall girl during a night a week ago. They "played a strange game" and she left.

___
***Eraldo.*** is a 9 year old slender boy with short messy dirty-blond hair and brow eyes. He wears simple clothes covered in stone dust.

He seen the girl walking around the village a week ago but she disappeared after that day.

___
***Gennaro.*** is a 7 year old skinny boy with short dark-brown hair and eyes. He wears patched and dirty simple clothes.

He saw a strange red dog on the woods a couple of days a ago.


#### Drunk Boar Tavern
The Drunk Boar is a tavern across the street from the mason guildhall. It is a wide house with a large saloon and kitchen on the back.

The party can meet the following characters in the tavern:

___
***Belina.*** is a woman in her early 30's with a plump physique, long dark-brown hair, brown eyes and a friendly face. She wears a beige dress with red decorative elements.

Belina is the barmaid of the Drunk Boar and the wife of Leone, she is a ray of sunshine to his stiff personality.

___
***Leone.*** is a middle-aged man with broad shoulders a square face with a bushy brown mustache and barely any hair left. He wars a stained cooks attire.

He is a stiff and silent man that loves his ray of sunshine Belina.

___
***"Lazy-eye" Julio.*** is a big old man, blind of one eye with messy white hair and beard and he wears cider stained simple clothes.

He has seen the carcase of a moose that has been torn apart by some creature or pack od creatures in the nearby grove.


#### Golden Cypress Inn
The Golden Cypress is a two story tall brick building on the central portion of the village. The first floor is a saloon with a kitchen on the back and private rooms on the 2nd floor.

The party can meet the following characters in the inn:

___
***Edgar.*** is a slender man in his early 30's with short black hair, green eyes and a narrow chin. He wears simple clothes.

He is a clever businessman that is married to Lucia but is currently under the *charm* of the succubus Kimaris after cheating with the demon one night.

___
***Lucia.*** is a plump woman with short brown hair, eldest daughter of the lord of the village. She is the cook of the golden cypress.

She is a quiet and shy woman that loves cooking and her husband but she is unaware of her husbands betrayal.

___
***Luana.*** is a 12 year old girl with a slender physique, long blond hair and blue eyes.

She has seen Edgar enter the nearby grove at dusk from the window of her house for the last couple of days.

___
***Uriano "Green-foot".*** is a slender and tall man with long faded blond straight hair, and light-blue eyes. He wears well kept common clothes and carries a staff.

Uriano is an elyrian elven man, socialized since birth on the astoran society. He grew up as the "son" of a hunter and herbalist.

He knows of a passage between the southern mountains where the "rough people of the south" crossed into Astora.


\page


### Orres Grove
The grove on the outskirts of Orres is a small apennine forest that is maintained by an old herbalist that resides within the grove near a small lake.

If the party decides to explore the nearby grove, the party can find the following clues.
___
***Intelligence (Investigation/Nature)***
- *DC 15.* Some trees have large "burn slashes" on them
- *DC 20.* 

___
***Wisdom (Survival/Perception)***
- *DC 15.* The animals within the grove seem to be scared of something or someone.
- *DC 20.* A carcase of a creature has been consumed almost to the bone but its warm to the touch

___
***Wisdom (Medicine)***
- *DC 15.* A recently killed animal died from gashes from a pack of unknown creatures.
- *DC 20.* The gashes seem to have cauterized seconds after being caused.

#### Herbalist's House
After exploring the grove the party reaches a small log cabin beside a small lake. The cabin is completely shut and a empty hand cart parked besides the house.

Entering the house the party can find a gruesome scene, the furniture of the house is broken and slashed, the walls are adorned with strange dark *glyphs*, and on the back wall a late-middle aged man is hanged by its feet up side down with its throat slit and a puddle of black liquid beneath it.
___
All characters with the *spellcasting* feature must make a DC 00 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened as **shade of kimaris** rises from the puddle and a cacophony of howls echo from outside the house as they break down the door and windows. **Roll Initiative!**

```
```

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

##### Grove Encounter
| Difficulty | Encounter                                    |
|:----------:|:---------------------------------------------|
| Easy       | 1 **shade of kimaris** and  6 **hellhounds** |
| Normal     | 1 **shade of kimaris** and  8 **hellhounds** |
| Hard       | 1 **shade of kimaris** and 10 **hellhounds** |
| Very Hard  | 1 **shade of kimaris** and 12 **hellhounds** |

##### Rewards
On the aftermath of the combat the party can find the following items.

#### Tainted Herbalism Kit
This worn hand-crafted herbalism kit has been tainted by the dark energies from the ritual that occurred.
___
***Accursed Insight.*** When making an Intelligence or Wisdom check using this herbalism kit are considered a Intelligence(Arcana) check in addition to the original check.

On a critical failure you take 1d4 Psychic damage after seeing horrifying images.



\page

___
***Shade of Kimaris.*** is a slender crimson-black feminine figure with a featureless face a pair of straight horns and glowing ember eyes. 

She is an illusion puppeteered by Kimaris herself from her lair somewhere in the Astoran highlands.
___
> ## Shade of Kimaris
>*Medium fiend illusion, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 90 (10d8 + 40)
> - **Speed** 0 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 22 (+6) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +6, Cha +10
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +7, Deception +10, Perception +6, Persuasion +10 
> - **Damage Immunities** Bludgeoning, Piercing, Slashing, Fire
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Cold
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed, Grappled, Prone
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common, Infernal
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Kimaris innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At Will: *hellish rebuke (fire)*
>
> 2/day each: *command, suggestion*
>
> 1/day each: *fire storm*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Charm (Recharge 5-6).*** Kimaris looks at a creature within 60 feet, that creature must make a DC 18 Charisma saving throw or be Charmed until the end of her next turn.
>

```
```
___
***Hellhound.*** are furless reddish-brown muscular hounds with a shark-like maw that spews smoke while open, glowing orange eyes and sharp.

___
> ## Hellhound
>*Medium fiend, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) |  6 (-2) | 13 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Skills** Perception +3, Stealth +4
> - **Damage Immunities** Fire
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Understands Abyssal But Can't Speak It
> - **Level** 5 *PB* +3
> ___
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (2d6 + 3) Piercing damage plus 3 (1d6) fire damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 14 Strength saving throw or be knocked Prone.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft. one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4+3) slashing damage plus 2 (1d4) fire damage.
>