# Mountain Crossing
___
After the party gets tipped by an old man Uriano "Green-foot" on the village Orres, they change their path to follow an old road that crosses the arid mountains towards the Adernian Dunes.


## Basilisk's Path
As the party is traveling through southern mountains of Astora, they slowly approach a rocky and windy pass. As they walk through this narrowing pass, flanked by massive rocks, they start to hear faint guttural gurgles echoing from the end of the pass.

When the party reaches a widening on the pass the party can see a **basilisk**, **Roll initiative!**

## Ambush Valley


\page

___
___
> ## Basilisk
>*Large monstrosity, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 195 (13d10 + 65)
> - **Speed** 20 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) |  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) |  2 (-4) |  8 (-1) |  7 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +10, Wis +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +10, Perception +4
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 14
> - **Level** 13 **PB** +5 (Elite)
> ___
> ***Petrifying Gaze.*** If a creature starts its turn within 30 ft. of the basilisk and the two of them can see each other, the basilisk can force the creature to make a DC 13 Constitution saving throw if the basilisk isn't incapacitated. On a failed save, the creature magically begins to turn to stone and is restrained. It must repeat the saving throw at the end of its next turn. On a success, the effect ends. On a failure, the creature is petrified until freed by the greater restoration spell or other magic. A creature that isn't surprised can avert its eyes to avoid the saving throw at the start of its turn. If it does so, it can't see the basilisk until the start of its next turn, when it can avert its eyes again. If it looks at the basilisk in the meantime, it must immediately make the save. If the basilisk sees its reflection within 30 ft. of it in bright light, it mistakes itself for a rival and targets itself with its gaze.
>
> ```
> ```
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 15 (3d6 + 5) Slashing damage plus 10 (3d6) Poison damage.
>
> ***Tail.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 18 (3d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 18 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> Basilisk can take 2 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. Basilisk regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Gaze.*** The basilisk uses its petrifying gaze against a creature it can see.
>
> ***Tail Attack.*** The basilisk makes a tail attack.
>

\page

___
***Rogier, Spellsword of Melfia.*** is a 5'8'' tall man with pale skin, long straight black hair tied in a bun, dark blue eyes and a crocked nose. He wears a blue gambeson with silver thread embroidery depicting the moon and the stars, and a large plain dark-blue hat.

He is a spellsword (duelist that uses both magic and swordplay) from Melfia that is on a personal quest to find his brother, Arthur the royal painter of the Astoran family that went down to Shidai years ago.
___
As the party finds him he is crestfallen, his horse was taken at night by a creature leaving him weaponless and devoid of his spellbook and map.

If the party aids the crestfallen spellblade he offers to join them on their trip and informs them of a strange mansion that only appears at night further down the road.

Rogier was caught on a faustian deal with Igor Shiver-black to acquire a group of shiver-black mercenaries.

___
***Shiver-black Mercenaries.*** are well equipped mercenaries that wiled rapier and daggers and dawn light armor and a pauldron shield on their left shoulder depicting the shiver-black cote of arms.

The mercenaries have signed a contract with Rogier to recover his spellbook in a "robbery" of the party. But the true aim of the mercenaries is to capture Carline in order to random him back to the city of Freewaters.

##### Encounter
| Difficulty | Encounter                      |
|:----------:|:-------------------------------|
| Easy       | **Rogier** and 4 **mercenary** |
| Medium     | **Rogier** and 6 **mercenary** |
| Hard       | **Rogier** and 8 **mercenary** |

___
> ## Rogier
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson, Buckler)
> - **Hit Points** 46 (8d6 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +7, Wis +3
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +6, Arcana +7, History +7, Perception +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Common, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Rogier is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 15, +7 to hit with spell attacks). Rogier has the following Wizard Spells prepared: 12
>
> Cantrips (at will). *dancing light, fire bolt, mage hand, message*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *detect magic, magic armor, magic missile, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *hold person, misty step, suggestion*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, gaseous form*
>
> 4th Level (2 slots). *banishment, locate creature*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Rapier.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Defensive Duelist.***
> Rogier can react to an attack by increasing its AC by +3 in an attempt to prevent an attack.
>
> ***Parry.***
> After an attack misses Rogier, he can use a reaction to make a rapier attack.
>

\page

#### Widowing Water
*Poison, rare*
___
A colorless liquid with a faint copper-like odor that is used as a subtle poison for its ability to constrict the throat of creatures that ingest it or are injected with it.

A creature subjected to this poison must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, it begins to [suffocate](https://www.dandwiki.com/wiki/5e_SRD:Suffocating) for an hour or until it dies. On a successful save, the creature is Poisoned for 1 minute.

___
> ## Mercenary
>*Medium humanoid, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 60 (8d8 + 8x3)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 13 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 11 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +8, Wis +4
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +8, Intimidation +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +4
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The mercenary makes two weapon attacks.
>
> ***Rapier.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage. And the target must succeed a DC 15 or be poisoned by *Widowing Water*.
>
> ***Shortbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) Piercing damage. And the target must succeed a DC 15 or be poisoned by *Widowing Water*.
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Parry.***
> After an attack misses the mercenary, he can use a reaction to make a rapier attack.