# Journey to Zau
___
After defeating the lightning wyvern **vishap** for the Navare tribe they are aided by them on their journey to the city of Zau. Before reaching Zau they must spend a week traveling to Ubara, the UBARA_TOWN_TITLE...

### Navare Tribe
___
***Herban.*** is a man in his late 30's with short brown hair and a full beard, blue eyes and dark-brown skin. He wears a ornate gambeson under a colorful cape and wields a pair of scimitars.

He is the eldest living son of Herasin and the leader of all warriors of the village.

___
***Majid.*** is a late middle-aged man with a very scared face and hands, shaved square head, thick brown beard and mustache and orange-brown eyes. He wears a colorful tunic under a worn leather apron.

He is the head leatherworker of the village, being responsible for making all the leather items for the village.

___
***Thriti.*** is a late middle-aged woman with a calm demeanor, short curly greyish-black hair and brown eyes. She wears a very colorful tunic...

She is the head weaver of the village, being responsible for making all the clothes for all the villagers.

___
***Adrina.*** is a young woman in her early 20's with brown skin, large orange-brown eyes and short messy curly brown hair. She wears a colorful tunic under a worn and loose fitting leather apron.

She is the youngest daughter of Majid, the head leatherworker of the village, but she became an essential part of the tribes protection.

## Calm Voyage
While accompanied by the Navare tribe and their (*Bakhsh*) crystal chimes the trip will be the most uneventful voyage on their recent times.

The party can use this voyage to perform multiple downtime actions such as training skills, crafting items or investigating the situation of the world.


\page


## Outskirts of Ubara
The town of Ubara is a walled city in the heart of the savanna. Its walls were built centuries ago by the Jushur family that rules for more then 500 years.

In recent times the town has become a beacon of protection to those that are able to be within its walls. While the remaining population lives on tents and shacks on the **outskirts** of the walls.

___
Both the Navare and the party won't be able to enter the walls of the town since to enter you need a official permit of trade, a letter of audience with one or more members of the nobility and or be member of one of the sanctioned guilds.

### Factions
The outskirts of Ubara has the following factions vying for power.

#### Ubara Guard
The Ubara guard are a garrison of soldiers under the banner of the Jushur family that try to maintain the peace of the chaotic sea of tents and huts on the outskirts.

#### Inquisition
The Inquisition is a militant branch of the Holy Path that have been prosecuting the practitioners of other religions on the Adernian region.

In Ubara their strength has been heavily diminished after the Jushur family family removed them from their services. In response they built a fort outside of the city and began to operate on the outskirts.

#### Leatherworker's Guild
The smallest guild of Ubara, the leatherworker's guild is a group of around 150 people that trade with nomadic tribes like the Navare for their pelts and tanned leathers in order to manufacture their own products and resell them in the city.

#### Rujah
the Rujah is a gang of thieves from the city that expanded their reach into the vulnerable people of the outskirts, selling drugs, stealing, and even assassinating members of the inquisition.
___
***Rujah'Kai, "Akburc".*** is a light-brown skinned man in his 30's with a short black beard, and short hair. He wears a simple scuffed gambeson over simple clothes.

He is a new member of the thieves guild and a sly fox that is up to no good that might offer a **quick and easy job** to the party.


```
```

### Locations
The following are notable points of interest in the outskirts of Ubara and its surrounding area:

#### The Watchtower
The Watchtower is a stone brick tower half a mile away from the city walls where the Ubara Guard operate from. The building is visible from anywhere in the outskirts.
___
***Isin Cavus.*** is a seasoned veteran of the guard in his early 50's with dark brown skin, short curly greyish-black hair and beard and an eyepatch over his left eye. He wears a decorated cuirass over a full haulberk and carries a longsword on his hip at all times.

Isin is a chronically exhausted man with too many problems on his shoulder but he is a good man having to deal with the strange occurrences in the past years.

#### Inquisition's Keep
The Inquisition's Keep is a wooden fort built a mile away from the city walls on the other side of the Watchtower. It is the home for the inquisitors of the Holy Path of Ubara... CONTINUE
___
***Palladia Aurilio.*** is a woman in her early 40's with wrinkled tanned skin, blueish-green eyes and short dirty-blond hair. She wears a red gambeson embroidered with the white path sigil.

She commands her inquisitors from within the keep with an iron fist and on multiple occasions have been known to disregard the orders of the city.

#### Inanna Workshop
The Inanna Workshop is a large l shaped building near the wall of Ubara where the members of the leatherworker's guild work turning the raw hides and tanned leathers into their products.
___
***Aysu Inanna.*** is a woman in her early 60's with dark-brown skin, long braided black hair and dark-brown eyes with a hint of green. She wears a green tunic under a old and worn leather apron that belonged to her grandfather.

Aysu is the head of the guild and a skilled leatherworker as well as negotiator.

#### Fahir Great Tent
The Fahir Great Tent is a large tent close to the main road to Zau that works as a tavern for the outskirts.
___
***Liat.*** is a young ebony woman with a shaved head, and purple eyes. She wears simple clothes and a golden necklace.

In reality Liat is Yasar Nur a oracle from Zau that wishes to guide the party to the city of Zau and test their worth in the journey.


\page


## Quests

### Quick and Easy Job
Rujah'Kai or "Akburc" offers the party a opportunity to make a quick buck by helping him to harvest some cactus from the region. He will pay the party 10 gp per harvested piece.
___
If the party follows his plan they will head with a donkey to a remote area in the savanna where this spherical cactus with a white hair covering it.

Each player must make a DC 15 skill check, roll 2d6 pick the highest one, followed by a DC 20 Constitution save for the "heat". On a failed save the PC is infected with the Tullul'Dkata fever.

#### Tullul'Dkata Fever
A beast or humanoid that touches the hair-like growths of the grusonii cactus must succeed on a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or become infected. One day after being infected the creature becomes slowed by 5ft.  At the end of each long rest after the symptoms appear, the penalty worsens by 5ft. 

When it reaches -30ft., the victim enters a coma that can only be awaken from by curing the disease through magical or non magical means.

```
```

### Liat's Request
Liat asks the party to protect her in her voyage to Zau. She had a dream that the party aided her on this voyage. She doesn't have much to offer the party but she can offer them a **stone tablet** with an ancient script.

In reality the voyage is a test of the parties abilities and if they are destined to bring ruin or glory to Zau.
___
If the party accepts the quest, they will accompany Liat on her carriage through a mostly uneventful journey until a sudden sandstorm hits the caravan causing the carriage to topple.

In the chaos Liat leads the party to a large set of ruins in the middle of the savanna. Within it the PC can take shelter but as they rest the halls of the ruins being to beckon them deeper and the storm becomes unnaturally strong.

Entering deeper and deeper into the dungeon each member of the party must make a DC 17 Intelligence saving throw. On a failure they are separated to face against a dark mirror of themselves.
___
The members that have succeeded reach an old library where a robed skeleton is sitting in a table with a chess board with a in-progress game. The skeleton presents himself as Sage Zimir and challenges the rest of the party to continue the game he was playing.

The board is set in a unfavorable position and in order to win the party must make 6 successful DC 15 Intelligence based skill checks in siz checks or less. With the catch being that since the board is at a disadvantage each check is made with -1d4, on a critical success this disadvantage is removed.

If the party defats their dark mirrors they exit their part of the dungeon into the library where the rest of the party is. 
___
Finally when the party defeats Zimir or not they awaken aboard Liat's carriage reaching the inner wall of the city of Zau while she reveals that all was a dream induced by her magic as she reveals herself as Yasar Nur a oracle from Zau.