# Zau
___
After traveling for many weeks the party is inducted to the city of Zau after "escorting" Liat or in reality Yasar Nur the oracle from Ubara to Zau.

In the city the party is invited into the inner walls of the city and are given a spacious room in a small palace. There they are given instructions on how to present themselves when meeting the raja of Zau **Hassan Dara** later that evening.

## City of Zau
Zau is one of the largest major cities along the Nhar river. It is a crescent shaped walled city on the northern bank of the river with a inner wall where the raja's palace and the cities nobility lives.

The city commanded by a very reactive king or raja that listens to a council of lords and a group of oracles that live on a secluded temple on the hills on the other side of the river.

### Factions
The following are the major factions of the city both in its inner and outer walls.

#### Dara Rajarkin
The Dara royal family (rajarkin) are the ruling family of Zau for more then three hundred years. They are a very conservative and reactive family that prefer to respond to problems instead of causing them.

#### Oracles of Zau
The oracles are a hidden society of partially magical oracles that have guided the Dara family even before their ascension to the throne. They aren't common knowledge to the population.

#### Servants of Nuhm
The Servants of Nuhm are a religious group that maintain the ancient traditions of the elemental king Nuhm, the Pygmy Lord...

#### FACTION


### Locations
The following are the major locations in both the inner and outer walls of the city of Zau.

#### ROYAL_PALACE_NAME
Located in the middle of the inner wall of the city...

#### Temple of Nuhm
The Temple of Nuhm is a large rectangular building with its columns being made of stone statues of four armed giants.

\page


### The Audience
In the evening of their arrival the party is escorted to another palace atop a hill where they can see the entire city as well as the river and the hills on its other side. The room has three knee high tables forming a U shape with an open are in the center.

On the central table the raja, his wife and two small daughters are seated while on his right side table all his advisors as well as Yasar sit and the party is instructed to seat on the opposite table.

All that are seated are presented with a banquet and are to discuss the party and their whishes as well as the predicted future.

___
***Hassan Dara.*** is an dark brown man in his mid 30's with a shaved head, long black beard greenish brown eyes and a wide nose. He wears a ornate purple tunic with a gold encrusted belt with a ornate jambia dagger.

He is the raja of Zau, the ruler for the past decade after his father Karim Dara died.

___
***Soraya Dara.*** is a ebony woman in her early 30's with long braided black hair, brown eyes and a inviting smile, she wears a layered purple tunic with golden bracelets.

During the meeting she is partially distracted by her daughters Nima and Roya but she is very protective of her family and will speak up if needed.

___
***Yasar Nur.*** is a brown skinned woman in her early 50's with short greyish black hair, purple eyes and a focused expression. She wears a simple dark red tunic.

She is an oracle of the city that has foreseen that the party would come to the city to bargain.

___
***Shahin Asadi.*** is a light brown skinned woman in her late 60's with short grey hair, brown eyes and a displeased expression. She wears a dark red tunic with glass bead eyes adorning her garments.

She is the head oracle of Zau and a non-magical person, she believes that Yasar is lying about her visions and is concerned for the city.

___
***Tajik Soroosh.*** is a dark brown skinned man in his early 40's with short dark brown hair, a long beard, a scar on his left hand and strong arms. He wears a set of plate armor with a red and yellow tabard and carries a longsword on his hip.

He is the commander of the city guard and the general if war comes to Zau, as a result he is stern and very inflexible.

___
***Declan O'Feichin.*** is a tall slender elven man with pale skin long blond hair, blueish green eyes, and a narrow nose. He wears a light blue tunic with a orange shaun.

He is an elyrian elf of the city of Forres that has become an advisor of the Dara family. He is inclined to advise the raja to attack Carthus forces in Shidai to protect his hometown from the "emperors" eyer.

```
```

> ##### DM Note
> The city of Zau has a population of around six hundred thousand that are mostly farmers either on the river or its surrounding area.
>
> The number of possible men that the raja can offer the party are either 50 elite warriors commanded by **Tajik** himself or a group of 100 scouts and volunteers that the party can do as they please.