# Xois Quest


\page

## Tying Loose Ends

##### NAME Encounter
| Difficulty | Encounter |
|:----------:|:----------|
| Normal     | 1 **irrah** 1d6+3 **knight thralls** |

\page

# Apendix: Stat Blocks

___
***Irrah, the Nightblade.*** is a elder vampire with greyish-black skin, short curly black hair, a long black beard and vengeful glowing ember eyes, recently he has fused himself with its steed through dark flesh-warping magics. 

He wars a bronze cuirass over a tyrian purple tunic, he wields a glaive known as **nightblade**. 

___
He is an ancient general of Carthus that has risen once more to lead his troops into victory.

___
___
> ## Irrah, the Nightblade
>*Large undead, lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 19 (Cuirass + 3)
> - **Hit Points** 240 (15d10 + 90)
> - **Speed** 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 20 (+5) | 18 (+4) | 22 (+6) | 13 (+1) | 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +10, Dex +9, Con +11, Wis +9, Cha +9
> - **Skills** *Athletics* +15, Perception +9, Stealth +9
> - **Damage Immunities** Necrotic
> - **Damage Resistances**  Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical weapons
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., Passive Perception 19
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 15 Elite Warrior **PB** +5
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The vampire regains 16 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn’t in sunlight or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn’t function at the start of the vampire’s next turn.
>
> ***Turning Defiance.*** Irrah and any undead within 15 feet of it have advantage on saving throws against effects that turn undead.
>
> ***Vampire Weaknesses.*** The vampire has the following flaws:
>
> *Forbiddance.* The vampiric warrior can’t enter a residence without an invitation from one of the occupants.
>
> *Harmed by Running Water.* The vampire takes 20 acid damage when it ends its turn in running water.
>
> *Stake to the Heart.* The vampire is destroyed if a piercing weapon made of wood is driven into its heart while it is incapacitated in its resting place.
>
> *Sunlight Hypersensitivity.* The vampiric warrior takes 20 radiant damage when it starts its turn in sunlight. While in sunlight, it has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.
>
> ```
> ```
> ***Spider Climb.*** The vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Legendary Resistance (3/Day).***
> If Irrah fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Irrah makes three attacks, up to two with its Nightblade and one with another attack.
>
> ***Nightblade.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +13 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 13 (1d10 + 8) magical Slashing damage and the target's Strength score is reduced by 1d4. The target dies if this reduces its Strength to 0. Otherwise, the reduction lasts until the target finishes a short or long rest. If a humanoid dies from this attack, it rises as a vampire spawn 1d4 hours later
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one willing creature, or a creature that is grappled by the vampire, incapacitated, or restrained. *Hit:* 12 (2d6 + 5) Piercing damage plus 10 (3d6) Necrotic damage. The target’s hit point maximum is reduced by an amount equal to the Necrotic damage taken, and the vampire regains hit points equal to that amount. The reduction lasts until the target finishes a long rest. The target dies if this effect reduces its h it point maximum to 0.
>
> ***Hooves.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit:* 12 (2d6 + 5) Bludgeoning damage.
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> Irrah can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. Irrah regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Move.*** Irrah moves up to its speed without provoking opportunity attacks.
>
> ***Hooves Attack.*** Irrah makes a hooves attack.
>
> ***Nightblade Multiattack (Costs 2 Actions).*** Irrah makes two nightblade attacks.
>

\page

***Knight Thrall.***

___
> ## Knight Thrall
>*Medium undedad, ALIGNMENT*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 112 (8d10 + 32)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +7, Con +7
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Intimidation +4
> - **Damage Resistances** Necrotic
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 8 Knight elite PB +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The vampire regains 10 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The knight makes two greatsword attacks
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

\page

___
___
> ## Nammu
>*Huge monstrosity, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 108 (12d12 + 24)
> - **Speed** 40 ft., fly 60 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 20 (+5) | 19 (+4) | 18 (+4) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +9, Wis +8
> - **Skills** Arcana +9, History +9, *Insight* +12, Perception +8, Persuasion +8
> - **Damage Immunities** Psychic
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed, Frightened
> - **Senses** Truesight 120 ft., passive Perception 18
> - **Languages** Common, Sphinx
> - **Level** 12 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Inscrutable.***
> The sphinx is immune to any effect that would sense its emotions or read its thoughts, as well as any divination spell that it refuses. Wisdom (Insight) checks made to ascertain the sphinx's intentions or sincerity have disadvantage.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.***
> The Nammu's innate spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 17, +9 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *message, vicious mockery, shield*
>
> 3/day each: *counterspell, gaseous form, mind spike*
>
> 2/day each: *phantasmal killer, synaptic static*
>
> 1/day each: *telepathy, mental prison*
>
> ```
> ```
>
> ***Legendary Resistance (3/Day).***
> If Nammu fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Nammu makes two Claw attacks
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 12 (2d8 + 3) magical slashing damage. 
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> Nammu can take 3 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. Nammu regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Claw Attack.*** The sphinx makes one claw attack.
>
> ***Teleport (Costs 2 Actions).*** The sphinx magically teleports, along with any equipment it is wearing or carrying, up to 120 feet to an unoccupied space it can see.
>
> ***Cast a Spell (Costs 3 Actions).*** The sphinx casts a spell from its list of prepared spells, using a spell slot as normal.
>

\page

___
___
> ## Yuraj, Shadowbound
>*Medium undedad (alukah), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 169 (13d8 + 65)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 22 (+6) | 23 (+6) | 21 (+5) | 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +11, Dex +11, Con +8, Wis +7
> - **Skills** Athletics +11, Acrobatics +11, Perception +7, Stealth +11
> - **Damage Immunities** NONE
> - **Damage Resistances** Necrotic, Bludgeoning, Piercing and Slashing from non-magical attacks.
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 17
> - **Languages** Common, Demonic
> - **Level** 13 **PB** +5 (Elite)
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The alukah regains 25 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight. If the alukah takes Radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the alukah's next turn.
>
> ```
> ```
> ***Spider Climb.*** The alukah can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** Yuraj's innate spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *friends*
>
> 3/day each: *arms of hadar, misty step*
>
> 2/day each: *shadow of moil*
>
> 1/day each: *private sanctum, staggering smite*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Yuraj makes two blessed katar attacks.
>
> ***Blessed Katar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +11 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d6 + 6) Piercing damage. And 3 (1d6) Radiant damage. 
>
> ***Drain Essence.*** Yuraj attempts to drains the shade from a creature within 10 feet of it. The target must make a DC 19 Wisdom saving throw, taking 11 (3d6) Necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one. And Yuraj regains hit points equal to the amount of necrotic damage dealt.
>