## Small Quests


### Wild Hog
A wild boar has been spotted trampling a nearby grape field. The keep's captain has offered a reward of 10 gp for each person that offers itself to solve the problem.
___
The travel to the Lauren winery takes half a day on foot or a quarter of a day by horse or cart. During the travel a random event can happen once per day, roll on the Travel to Lauren table.

##### Travel to Lauren Table
| d10 | Event                             |
|:---:|:----------------------------------|
|  1  | 1d4 **thugs** and 1 **thug boss** |
| 2-3 | Pilgrimage of lepers              |
| 4-7 | 2d6 **camels**                    |
| 8-9 | Caravan of merchants              |
|  0  | 1d4 + 2 **adernian guards**       |


#### Lauren Winery
The Lauren Winery is a small grape field in the outskirts of the Argon keep, with a large sandstone building that works as the winery's estate and storage.

***Antonio Lauren.***
Antonio is a 5'7'' feet tall, 37 year old man, with curly brown hair, tanned skin, light brown eyes, a shallow nose, and a toned body. He usually wears simple clothes, stained with the red dirt, sturdy blue trousers, and long leather boots.

***Daniela Lauren.***
Daniela is a 5'4'' feet tall, 36 year old woman, with long blond hair, tanned skin, dark brown eyes, a long nose, and a shallow smile. She usually wears a simple beige dress with red adornments, a simple brass necklace, and a silver ring.

***Dante Lauren.***
Dante is a 5'6'' feet tall, 18 year old man, with short dirty blond hair, tanned skin, brown eyes, a hooked nose, and a toned body like its father. He usually wears simple clothes with long leather boots.

Recently Dante has been resigned to his bed after being attacked by the boar.


#### The Hunt

___
> ## Boar
>*Medium beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 23 (2d8 + 14)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) |  4 (-3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 3
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The boar has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Charge.*** If the boar moves at least 20 feet straight toward a target and then hits it with a tusk attack on the same turn, the target takes an extra 3 (1d6) slashing damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 11 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>
> ***Relentless Endurance (1/day).*** If the boar takes damage that reduces its hit points to 0, but doesn't kill it out right, its hit points are reduced to 1 instead.  
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Tusk.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage.
>

/page

### Slaver's Request
Captain Alexis has been given a request from a merchant that has lost one of its livestock during an accident and it has been sealing food from the nearby farms. The merchant is offering 60 gp for a person or group that is capable of returning its property alive.

Alexis gives the party the direction to the merchant's camp.


#### Slavers Camp
The camp resides in a shallow valley between two hills and is composed of four large tents, six carts and a large brazier in the center. As the player characters enter the camp they are quickly approached by Laslo and a adernian guard.

***Laslo.***
Laslo is a 41 year old man that is 5'5'' tall, with ebony skin, appraising dark brown eyes, a long and well kept black beard, and a large nose. He wears a white tunic with a grey scarf around his shoulders, a yellow turban, and three ornate rings on each hand.

Laslo is the slave master of the camp and is a very persuasive and intelligent man. He will inform the party of their goal to capture a "young 6'00'' tall woman with short blond hair, blue eyes and a toned but slender body".

In addition he informs the player characters that he has heard rumors that she has been stealing from nearby farms, but his guards were unable to capture her.


#### The Hunt
After the party leaves the camp they can start to search for the woman. The Hunt is composed of the following phases:

***Tracking.***
The tracking phase is a skill challenge in which each party member can perform a DC 13 skill check or aid another character in their check. If the party accumulates three successes the party moves to the *Chase* phase, if they fail to accumulate the necessary successes the party moves to the *Ambush* phase.

***Chase.***
The party find their target wondering in a field with tall grass between two farms, if the party approaches without being stealthy she will start to sprint. This starts a chase in which each player character involved must make a DC 15 Strength (Athletics) check to catch up to her. A character that has failed the check can push themselves to their limit to succeed with 1 point of exhaustion.

This leads to the **Confrontation**.

***Ambush.***
Kylea ambushes a party member, attempting a grapple on it, if she succeeds she will put her axe to the throat of the character she has grappled and will begin to shout in elvish.

This leads to the **Confrontation**.

\page

#### Confrontation
The party meats Kylea, the fugitive slave. Roll Initiative.

___
***Kylea.***
Kylea is a 18 year old elvish woman that is 6'00'' tall, with a roughly shaven head, rageful blue eyes and a bruised face. She wears traveling trousers a cut open shirt that reveals a muscular torso and bear breasts that are adorned with a blue hawk. She carries a pair of stolen handaxes and a cloth bag containing food and water for one more day.

Kylena is a elyrian girl that was captured by cathusian slavers when they raided her village when she was 17 years old, then she was brought to Carthus where she was sold into slavery. While she was being transported to her new master in Astora, when she escaped. She has spent the last week running from her captors, hiding and stealing from the farms in the region. 

___
> ## Kylea
>*Medium humanoid (elf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17
> - **Hit Points** 16 (1d12 + 4)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 17 (+3) | 18 (+4) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +4, Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, Intimidation +4, Perception +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 1 Barbarian
> ___
> ***Rage (1/day).*** 
> Kylea can use a bonus action to gain the following benefirs, for up to 1 minute:
> - She has advantage on Strength checks and saving throws.
> - When she makes a Strength weapon attack it gains +2 to damage rolls.
> - She gains resistance to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
>
> ***Mask of the Wild.***
> Kylea can attempt to hide even when you are only lightly obscured by foliage, heavy rain, falling snow, mist, and other natural phenomena. 
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Kylea makes two handaxe attacks.
>
> ***Handaxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) slashing damage. 
>

/page

### Dungeon Delve
A traveling merchant has arrived in the Argon Keep and is selling a map that leads to the ruins of an ancient Aderninan temple. The party can purchase the map, follow it, delve into the ruins, retrieve precious items, and finally sell them to other merchants.

***Sanzar.***
Sanzar is a 5'6'', 25 year old man, with brown skin, dark honey eyes, a hooked nose, and curly black hair. He wears simple traveling clothes and a harpy necklace.

##### Sanzar Inventory
| Item                                    | Price Range  | DC |
|:----------------------------------------|:------------:|:--:|
| **Treasure map**                        | 1 gp - 10 gp | 15 |
| Harpy statue                            | 1 sp -  1 gp | 17 |
| Oil flask                               | 1 sp -  5 sp | 10 |
| Tapestry coat                           | 5 cp -  2 sp | 13 |

___
After obtaining the map the party can discover the whereabouts of the ruins in one of the following manners:

- If a character is proficient in Cartographer's tools it can spend 1 hour to chart the trip.

- Alternatively a character can attempt a DC 20 Wisdom (Survival) or Intelligence (Investigation) check to discern the location of the ruins.


#### The Trip
The ruins are located in a ravine that is 1 day from the Keep. As the party traverses the wilderness the first in the marching order must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) check to reach the ruins.

##### Random Encounters
| d6  | Encounter           |
|:---:|:--------------------|
|  1  | 1 **lion**          |
| 2-3 | sandstorm (DC + 5)  |
| 4-5 | 1d4 + 1 **gazelles**|
|  6  | hermit              |

___
Finally the party reaches a ravine with a shallow descending slope. In the bottom of the ravine the party finds the entrance of a adernian home, with a successful Intelligence (History) check a character can determine that the house is a store house. 

#### The Ruins
Entering the ruins the party finds the following...
___
***Store Front.***
The store front room is the first room after the entrance. It is a damp room with a stone counter in the center, in the counter are brick vases inlaid in the stone, within them the party can find rotting food (DC 10 Constitution saving throw).

From the store front the party can go to the Storage room or the Kitchen. 

___
***Storage.***
The storage room is a partially collapsed and very unstable room with mold covered wooden boxes, within them the party can find 10 bottles of *ancient wine* as well as rotting food (DC 10 Constitution saving throw).

If two or more characters are in the room, roll 1d4 on a 1 the roof collapses. Each character must succeed a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw to escape the room, on a failed save the character takes 1d6 bludgeoning damage and is trapped in the room.

From the storage the party can go back to the store front.

___
***Kitchen.***
The is a partially collapsed room with faded paintings in the walls and various utensils and broken plates on the ground. The party can find 5 sets of rusted cutlery and a bronze pot.

From the kitchen the party can go back to the Store Front or go to the Living Room.

___
***Living Room.***
The living room a mostly intact room of the ruins, it has faded paintings on the wall, a broken table in the middle of the room and a cracked marble woman statue. The roof of the room is covered in bats.

___
> ## Swarm of Bats
>*Medium swarm of tiny beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13
> - **Hit Points** 22 (10d4)
> - **Speed** 5 ft. fly 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  5 (-3) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) |  4 (-3) |
>___
> - **Damage Resistances** Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing
> - **Condition Immunities** Charmed, Frightened, Grappled, Paralyzed, Petrified, Prone, Restrained, Stunned
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60 ft. passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 5
> ___
> ***Echolocation.*** The swarm can't use its Blindsight while deafened.
>
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The NAME has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ***Swarm.*** The swarm can occupy another creature's space and vice versa, and the swarm can move through any opening large enough for a Tiny bat. The swarm can't regain hit points or gain temporary hit points.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The swarm of bats makes two bite attacks if it has more then half of its total hit points.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit,  reach 0 ft., one creature in the swarm's space. Hit: (1d4) piercing damage.
>

After clearing the swarm the party can reach the Bedroom by jumping 10 foot tall 10 feet wide gap with a successful DC 10 Strength (Athletics) or Dexterity (Acrobatics) check.

___
***Bedroom.***
The bedroom is a heavily collapsed room with a broken and rotting bed as well as a rotting chest that contains a bronze helmet, a bronze cuirass, a pair of bronze greaves, and a bronze short sword. Under the broken bed a player character can find a silver ring.


#### Selling the Loot
After returning to the keep the party can sell their loot to various characters. Besides the residents, the keep has also the following traveling merchants visiting it.
___
***Lucaria.***
Lucaria is a 36 year old 5'4'' tall hafexian woman with long black hair, moon white skin, blue eyes and a small nose. She wears a simple blue dress, a silver moon necklace and a simple silver ring.

She is a historian and a merchant of religious icons.

___
***Donarson, Black Scale.***
Donarson is a 51 year old 4'3'' tall dwarvish man with a bald head, a long black beard, a thick unibrow, a hooked nose, and dark brown eyes. He wears simple traveling clothes and has a iron necklace depicting a scale.

Donarson is a weapons and armor merchant that is headed to the decadent cities of the Nhar.