

## Journey to Shidai
The party are invited by Captain Alexis to join the entourage of the 5th prince of Astora, Artorias, as scouts and guides. As a reward the prince would pay for all the trips expenses as well as a 5 gp for each day of the journey. The trip will take 20 days to Sidai, after which the party is free to return with or without them.
___
The entourage has the following notable characters:
___
***Artorias.***
Artorias, the 5th Prince of Astora, commander of the red army, and leader of the knights of Astora, is a 6' tall muscular young man, with short golden hair, a soft but angular face, with hawk like blue eyes, and a pointed up nose.

He usually dawns his prince crown, a red tunic adorned with two rampant lions made of gold threads on either side, his royal placbelt, yellow leggins, and leather boots. 

On the battlefield he dawns a unique set of polished plate armor adorned with brass lions on the chest and overlapping plates that covers the arms, a armet helmet with a brass prince crown, and he wields a cross spear.

___
***Virgilia.***
Virgilia is a priestess of the Mother saint from the Holy Path religion. She is a 5'4'' voluptuous young woman with tanned skin with long and curly reddish blond hair, deep brown eyes and a soft face.

She usually wears a white tunic with branches and figs of golden thread adorning the cloth. In addition she wears a simple red cape. In some cases she wears a deep red dress adorned with small lions of golden thread and a tiara of golden laurels.

___
***Sir Gabriel of Lanceport.***
Gabriel is a 5'8'' muscular man in his 30's with a square face, curly brown hair, blue eyes, a five o clock shadow, and a crooked nose. He wears a simple red tunic with a rampant lion on his back, yellow pants, and tall leather boots.

During combat he wears a full set of plate armor adorned with rampant brass lions on his pauldrons, a armet helmet and he carries a warhammer as his weapon.

___
> ## Gabriel
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18
> - **Hit Points** 12 (1d10 + 2)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) | 12 (+1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Con +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +0, History +3, Intimidation +2, Persuasion +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Great Weapon Fighting.***
> When Gabriel rolls a 1 or 2 on a damage die for an attack he made with a melee weapon that he is wielding with two hands, he can reroll the die and must use the new roll, even if the new roll is a 1 or a 2. The weapon must have the two-handed or versatile property for him to gain this benefit.
>
> ***Second Wind (1/rest).***
> Gabriel can recover 6 (1d10 + 1) hit points.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Warhammer (one-handed).*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Warhammer (two-handed).*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d10 + 3) bludgeoning damage. 
>

___
***Arthur, the Royal Painter.***
Arthur is a 5'7'' tall pale man in his late 20's. He has long brown hair, honey eyes, a thick mustache, and a pointy nose. He wears a blue tunic with tight sleeves, red pants, small leather shoes, and a pelt heat.

He has joined the voyage in the hopes of painting the landscapes of the old world. If a character aids them in finding locations for him to paint he will reward them with a great wine as a gift.

___
***Daniela, the Cook.***
Daniela is a 5'4'' woman with lightly tanned skin in her early 20's. She has long blond hair, dark brown eyes, a small nose and a oval shape. She wears a plain white dress, a blue apron, and a red linen cap.

She has joined the prince's entourage so she could experience the spices of the old world and perfect her craft. If a character aids her by finding spices or hunting for her.

___
***Logan of Melfia.***
Logan is a 46 year old man from the city of Melfia. He is 5'8'' tall, with moon-white skin, short black hair, a stern face, and green eyes. He wears a dark blue tunic, a large brimmed hat, and a silver ring on his left hand.

Logan is a historian and astrologist that has joined the voyage in search of the knowledge of the Old World. In addition he is a
Wizard that is in search of spells hidden in the sky.

___
> ## Logan
>*Medium humanoid(human), true neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 9
> - **Hit Points** 6 (1d6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 18 (+4) | 15 (+2) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +6, Wis +4
> - **Skills** Arcana +6, History +6, Perception +4, Persuasion +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1 Wizard **PB** +2
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ***Spellcasting.*** Logan is an 1st-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). Logan has 2 mana and the following Wizard Spells prepared:
>
> Cantrips (at will). *arcane bolt, light, mage hand*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *alarm, charm person, identify, mage armor, magic missile*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Quarterstaff.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d8 - 1) bludgeoning damage. 
>


### Encounters
The following are a collection of encounters that the party may encounter during their voyage.

#### Visited by the Alqamar
During one of the nights the party will be visited by a group of hunters the nomadic tribe known as the Alqmar. The hunters then ask if they could join them for a short rest.

***Alqamar.***
The Alqmar are a nomadic tribe and ethnic group composed of man and woman that wear very little clothing, have ebony skin, white patterns drawn on their skin, and wear oval shaped masks. The men hunt at night for rodents and other animals, while the women and children forage during the day.

The Alqmar believe in an ancient deity known as Qmn, the enveloping mother sky.

___
As the members of the tribe rest, they perform a small ritual involving a black liquid. If a character decides to join the ritual it must succeed on a DC 13 Constitution saving throw or be Poisoned on its next day.


#### Bandit Attack
At dawn a group of bandits attack the camp, setting fire to the tents and attacking the soldiers. 1 **asharshen captain.** and 1d4 **asharshen** attack the party.

___
> ## Asharshen
>*Medium humanoid (human), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (lamellar, buckler)
> - **Hit Points** 9 (1d8 + 1)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 13 (+1) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, *Stealth* +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Katar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage. 
>
> ### Reaction
> ***Parry.*** The asharshen can make an attack with its katar as a reaction, whenever a creature misses a melee weapon attack against him.
>


___
> ## Asharshen Captain
>*Medium humanoid (human), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (lamellar)
> - **Hit Points** 9 (1d8 + 1)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +4, *Stealth* +6
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1
> ___
> ***Poison Scissor (2/day).***
> When the Asharshen Captain hits a creature with its katar he can open the blades to deliver a powerful poison. The target creature must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking 5 (2d4) poison damage on a failed save or half as much on a successful one.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The asharshen captain makes two katar attacks.
>
> ***Katar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) piercing damage. 
>


#### Caravan of Merchants
As the entourage travels through the old road a caravan of merchants passes through the same road, stopping for the soldiers.

The caravan is composed of the following merchants.

***Bassaam.***
Bassaam is a 5'8'' tall man in his 30's, with dark brown skin, black dreads and a large mustache. He wears a simple white tunic with a red turban.

His cart is adorned with red flags with yellow scimitars painted on them, indicating that Bassan is a weapon's merchant.

##### Bassaam Inventory
| Item              | Cost Range     | DC |
|:------------------|:--------------:|:--:|
| Caestus           |  15 gp -  8 gp | 13 |
| Parring dagger    |  50 gp - 25 gp | 14 |
| Partizan          |  20 gp - 10 gp | 14 |
| Estoc             |  60 gp - 30 gp | 15 |
| Stonebow          | 100 gp - 50 gp | 15 |



***Taaji.***
Taaji DESCRIPTION.

##### Taaji Inventory
| Item                    | Cost Range          | DC |
|:------------------------|:-------------------:|:--:|
| History book            | 10 gp -  5 sp       | 10 |
| Calligrapher's supplies | 10 gp -  1 gp       | 11 |
| Human bust              | 25 gp - 10 gp       | 13 |
| Silver ring             | 80 gp - 20 gp       | 15 |
| Spyglass                | 1,500 gp - 1,000 gp | 18 |


***MERCHANT_NAME.***
MERCHANT_NAME DESCRIPTION.

##### MERCHANT_NAME Inventory
| Item                  | Cost Range    | DC |
|:----------------------|:-------------:|:--:|
| Rope, hempen (50 ft.) |  4 gp -  1 gp |  8 |
| Shovel                |  4 gp -  2 gp | 10 |
| Crowbar               |  8 gp -  3 gp | 11 |
| Vial                  |  2 gp -  1 gp | 13 |
| Waterskin             |  1 gp -  2 sp | 13 |


