## Journey to Carthus
The journey to Carthus involves the following quests

### Village of Thonis
In the dead of night the party reaches a small village composed of decrepit sandstone buildings with stucco walls grafted to them. The village of Thonis is a den of smugglers, thieves, pirates, and misfits.

#### Selling the Loot
Assisted by Jebedhaia, the party goes to a maze-like market with various tents with strange and shady figures within. The party can attempt to sell the loot they have acquired with the following characters.

___
***Thema.***
Thema is a 5'7'' tall man in his early 30's, with long black hair, a poorly kept beard, light brownish skin, and green eyes. He wears a simple black tunic and a red coat over it.

Thema is a drug addict looking to buy and sell goods to sustain his addiction.

- **Budget** 100
- **Persuasion DC** 10

___
***Lahlou.***
Lahlou is a 5'4'' tall woman in her late 30's with long curly brown hair, dark brown skin, a narrow nose and focused brown eyes. She wears a yellow dress adorned with red sparrows.

Lahlou is an adventurous woman that wants to visit the city of Melfia and become a astronomer.

- **Budget** 500
- **Persuasion DC** 15

___
***Hakem.***
Hakem is a 6'0'' tall man with ebony skin, a shaved head, a hooked nose, and brown eyes. He wears simple clothes and a leather vest over them.

Hakem is a former pirate that is seeking to become a merchant to avoid his pirate life and build a family.

- **Budget** 350
- **Persuasion DC** 13

___
***Younes, the Golden.***
Younes is a 5'8'' tall man with tanned skin, golden hair, blue eyes and a shallow nose. He wears a simple red tunic with a yellow cape.

Younes is a former merchant from Astora that has fled to the desert to avoid a lord he has slighted.

- **Budget** 800
- **Persuasion DC** 17

```
```

#### Abord The Black Monkey
The Black Monkey is a small ketch with a black hull, plain wood deck, and simple white sails. The captain Ahkmed requires 100 gp for each passanger to join his ship the Black Monkey

Abord the ship the party can find the following characters.
___
***Captain Ahkmed.***
Ahkmed is a young man in his mid 20's. He is 5'7'' tall, with brown dreads adorned with brass jewels and jade rings, he has a slender build with light brown skin, orange eyes and a hooked nose. Ahkmed wears a simple beige gambeson under a blue coat with e picock embroided on his back and he carries a pair of scimitars.

Ahkmed is a smart man that knows that the world is a fucked up place but this knowledge doesn't inhibit him to enjoy his life as a free spirited buckanner.

___
***Layla, the Medic.***
Layla is a young woman in her early 20's with tanned skin and a height of 5'4''. She has a oval shaped face with a thin nose, reddish brown eyes, long and curly black hair, and a small scar on her chin. She wears a large beige shirt, leather bracers on her arms, large blue pants stuffed into boots, and a white coat that is stained with blood.

She is a medic from Carthus that is returning home after concluding a contract with a mercenary band from Shidai. She can serve as a mentor for the **Medicine** skill and the **Herbalism Kit** (Wisdom 16).

___
***Danner, the Drifter.***
Danner is a tall young man in his late 20's with a muscular build, tanned skin, green eyes, a hooked nose, a poorly kept beard and hair. He wears a worn half-plate made from other armors and he carries a flamberge greatsword.

Dannter is a former mercenary that is abandoning Shidai to avoid the Inquisition.

\page

### Stop at Tolraki
The Black Monkey stops at the tiny village of Tolraki, a small settlement composed of small stucco houses surrounding a small dock.


#### Crocodile Attack
After docking in the small port a crowd surrounds ship. When a huge crocodile emerges from the river and attacks a woman and a child. The crowd start to run and scream in fear of the situation.

___
> ## Crocodile
>*Large beast, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 43 (3d10 + 26)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., swim 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 18 (+4) |  6 (-2) | 13 (+1) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Stealth +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Level** 4 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Hold Breath.*** The crocodile can hold its breath for 15 minutes. 
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) Piercing damage. The target is grappled (escape dc 12) Until this grapple ends, the target is restrained, and the crocodile can't bite another target. 
>
> ***Death Roll.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* one grappled target on the water. *Hit* 14 (3d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

___
If the party successfully kills the crocodile, the locals will claim them to be heros and will be given a feast with the crocodiles meat.

```
```

#### Fortune Teller
Among the stucco houses of the tiny village, a house with a purple door adorned with a white eye surrounded by white rays catches the eyes of the party. If the party enters the house they will find a small room with a red rug, a table in the center with a crystal ball, and a number of chairs surrounding the table.

If any of the player character sits on any of the chairs, a strange figure enters the room from nowhere and presents herself as Zara, the Fortune Teller.
___
***Zara, the Fortune Teller.***
Zara is a 5'5'' tall woman in her mid 30's with ebony skin, long dreads adorned with cowrie shells, yellow eyes, and a long nose. She wears a long white dress and various rings and necklaces.

Zara is a diviner that can induce each party member into a prophetic trance as she is a follower of Skiaa, the shade.

#### Small Market
The party can also find a small market composed of tents of various colors... 

___
***Raiju.***
Raiju is a 5'6'' tall man in his early 40's with a big red bushy beard and a hooked nose. He wears a white tunic and a yellow turban. 

Raiju is an energetic salesmen that specializes in religious symbols.

##### Raiju Inventory
| Item                                     | Price Range | DC |
|:-----------------------------------------|:-----------:|:--:|
| Statue of four armed humanoid (Nhum)     | 10gp -  1gp | 10 |
| Pendent of black smoke (Skiaa)           | 25gp - 10gp | 13 |
| Golden salamander (Sakhr)                | 50gp - 30gp | 15 |
| Four armed sylph sandstone statue (Reta) | 8gp -   5sp | 10 |


___
***Dania.***
Dania is a 4'10'' tall woman in her late 50's, with tanned skin, a wrinkled face, blond hair, and green eyes. She wears the clothes of a huntress and carries a longbow.

##### Dania Inventory
| Item               | Price Range | DC |
|:-------------------|:-----------:|:--:|
| Hunting arrow (5)  |  2gp -  1gp | 10 |
| Needle arrow (10)  |  3gp -  1gp | 13 |
| Barbed arrow (10)  |  5gp -  2gp | 15 |
|*Weapons*           |             |    |
| Longbow            | 75gp - 50gp | 10 |
| Shortbow           | 30gp - 25gp | 10 |

___
The following are the effects of the arrows that Dania sells.

***Hunting Arrow.***
The hunting arrow gives an additional 1d4 to Wisdom (Survival) checks to track down the creature hit by it for 1 hour, or until the creature regains at least 1 hit point.

***Needle Arrow.***
The needle arrow gives a +2 bonus to damage but a -1 penalty to attack rolls.

***Barbed Arrow.***
The barbed arrow sticks to the target when hit, requires a bonus action to be removed and deals 2 Slashing when removed. But attack rolls have a -2 penalty.

\page

### Stop at Xois
The ship docks at the outskirts of the city of Xois during the night. The city of Xois is a small walled city surrounded by massive fields of grains and animal farms. Captain Ahkmed informs the party that the stay will be short and that they will leave by dawn, but the ship will receive new passengers.

The following are the new passengers of the Black Monkey.

___
***Robin, the Rose.***
Robin is a 5'8'' tall woman in her early 30's, with light-brown skin, a narrow nose, dark brown eyes, and long straight black hair. She wears a long yellow dress adorned with red roses. Under her dress she wears simple traveler's clothes and carries an alchemist's supplies.

Robin is an alchemist from the city of Xois that has been exiled by her family to protect her from the Inquisition, after her husband was poisoned in a party. She is a capable alchemist that is in search of the Philosopher's Stone so she can resurrect her late husband.

She will offer to buy the Red Alchemist's Book from the party with all of her money (800 gp). If the party declines the her offer she asks them if she can follow the party and aid them with the book.

___
***Rags boy.***
Rags boy is a 5'6'' tall young man covered from head to toes in rags. He is an assassin on a mission to Carthus, he will avoid reveling himself unless he is in a deadly situation.

```
```

#### Slavers Attack
At the next night, after leaving the city of Xois, four small boats with shady figures board the Black Monkey and attack the crew mates, attempting to capture the vulnerable passengers.

___
> ## Slaver
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 8 (1d8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +5, Stealth +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Scimitar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>

___
Finally the Black Monkey reaches the outskirts of Carthus, the forgotten capital.