## Carthus Quest


### X Marks the Spot
In Carthus the party decides to seek the treasure buried in the desert. To do so they must first investigate the map to determine where the X is, plot a course to their destination, and finally dig up the treasure.

#### Investigating the Map
A character that is proficient in **cartographer's tools** can make a Wisdom (Survival) or Intelligence (Investigation) check to determine where the X is.

- *8.* The party discovers that the X is a day from Carthus.
- *10.* The party discovers that the X is in a unpopulated area.
- *15.* The party discovers that the X is in a small hill in the middle of the desert.
- *20.* The party discovers that the X is used by the slaver guild as a body dumping area.

#### Reaching the X
If the party has determined where X is located, they must make a Wisdom (Survival) check. If the party haven't determined the path the Wisdom (Survival) check is made with disadvantage.

##### Voyage Encounters
| Survival | Encounter                      |
|:-----:|:----------------------------------|
|   1   | A mirage of an oasis              |
|  2-7  | 1d4 + 2 **slavers**               |
|  8-13 | An abandoned camp with old tools  |
| 14-19 | 2d4 **scorpions**                 |
|  20+  | An oasis surrounded by palm trees |

___
The party reaches a small barren hill surrounded by dunes in the begging of the night. Bodies at different stages of mummification are discarded all throughout the hill.

The party can make an Intelligence (Investigation) check to determine that all the corpses are slaves discarded after being used.

___
If the party decides to excavate the buried treasure they must have shovels and make a DC 10 Strength (Athletics) check and after 10 minutes or more they unearth three stone jars containing a grey powder that smells like iron.