## Final Days in Carthus


### Royal Library
After completing their quest for the king (Dimitar Kitinov, the III) the party is granted access to the Blue palace and its royal library. As the party investigates the various scrolls, tomes, and books of the library they will eventually discover that the grey element is completely unknown.

In addition the party may feel as if they are been watched and their alchemist assistant has been absent...

#### Study
The party gains access to the royal library, a massive building full of rows and rows of bookshelves separated by tables lit by candles. Each party member can make a skill check to discover information about the city, world, alchemy, and many more.

***Arcana (Alchemy).*** A character, proficient in alchemist's supplies, can discover the following information, based on the DC of the skill check. 
- *DC 10* The health potion has never been created in the past. 
- *DC 15* The health potion has been theorized to require herbs, water, and the essence of life to be crafted. 
- *DC 20* The recipe for potions of regeneration.

***Arcana (Spellcasting).*** A character, capable of casting spells, can discover the following information, based on the DC of the skill check.
- *DC 10* The city of Carthus once was a center for mages and sorcerers.
- *DC 15* Find a page with the spell *Zephyr Strike* detailed on a page.
- *DC 20* Find a page with the spell *Darkvision* detailed on a page.

***History.*** A character can discover the following information, based on the DC of the skill check. 
- *DC 10* The city of Carthus was created at the end of the age of myth.
- *DC 13* The city joined the Adernian empire, during the age of empires, through marriage.
- *DC 15* The city was the capital of the Adernian empire.
- *DC 20* The cities first ruler, Carthus the 1st, ruled the city for 200 years.

***Religion.*** A character can discover the following information, based on the DC of the skill check. 
- *DC 10* The elemental kings religion is the oldest human religion.
- *DC 15* The holy path originated during the final decades of the age of empires.
- *DC 20* Once the spawn of the four elemental kings roamed the land during the age of myth.

***Medicine.*** A character can discover the following information, based on the DC of the skill check. 
- *DC 10* The city of Carthus was a center for healers.
- *DC 15* A book detailing the arts of surgery.
- *DC 20* Surgery is a medicinal art developed by the people of Ashar.


#### Calm Before the Storm
After studying at the royal library the party returns to their residence, a character with a passive insight of 13 or higher can sense a heavy air on the streets. A character with a passive perception of 13 or higher has a sensation that they are being watched but are unable to detect anything.

Returning home the party will find Jabedhaia sleeping on the couch with a intense fever, with a DC 13 Wisdom (Medicine) check the party can discover that he is lethally Poisoned. He will inform the party that he seems to have been poisoned by a tea that was gifted to him by Robin and he hasn't seen her all day.

Investigating Robin's room the party will find an empty room with a book on top of the bed. The book is a copy of the Red Alchemist's book combined with a general book on alchemy, as well as a note and only three of the four jars of the grey powder.

On the note the party can read: "I'm sorry for roaping you into this... you were always so kind and good, but I had no choice. as a token of my gratitude do not leave this house this night"


#### Stormy Night
When dusk has fallen a tense air falls in the city, then an explosion ignites a column of smoke and dust in the church near the parties house as the sound of marching soldiers and screams fills the air with dread. Finally a knocking at the backdoor cuts the atmosphere.

Answering the door, two elven mariners inform the party that Robin has order them to assist them to escape the night. The party can easily discern that the two elves were the escaped mariners from Lyneth's crew but with a successful DC 10 Wisdom (Insight) check the party can discern that they are telling the truth.

___
After the conversation the party then must traverse the chaos of the night until they reach their boat. To do so the party must complete a DC 17 skill challenge for two rounds, every time a character fails the check use the relevant event.

##### Skill Challenge Events
| Fails | Event                                                           |
|:-:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | One character suffers a Panic attack (Stun DC 15 Wisdom save)       |
| 2 | 2d4 **beggars**                                                     |
| 3 | Talia is crying on a alleyway, surrounded by corpses                |
| 4 | 1d6 + 2 **adernian foot soldiers**                                  |
| 5 | Fire spreads in the path (DC 17 Dexterity save, 2d6 or half damage) |
| 6 | 2d6 + 2 **adernian foot soldiers**                                  |

___
Finally the party boards their boat and must make a DC 13 Strength (Athletics) check to maneuver the ship out of the city.




