## Drake Island
After being captured by the Wyverns of Doom the party is taken to the city of Vinheim on the drake isle. There the following quests will happen while the party is in Vinheim.


### Vinheim
The party and its captors reach the port city of Vinheim, a small port city on the shores of a small river. There they are acquitted to the various parts of town.

#### Dock
As the fleet enters the town, the ships are docked within a small fort at the mouth of the river. Then after exiting the boat and passing through the gates of the fort the party is free to explore the city.

Grimkel informs them that they will be given beds, food and water...


#### Goat's Horn Blacksmith
The Goat's Horn Blacksmith is a small dome-like stone building adorned with green and red ropes that pass through brass rings. The door is a large wooden slab with the head of a ram painted in black in its center. Within it the heat is almost unbearable and the smiths work shirtless in the various work stations near the walls, on the center a raging pit fire heats the metal, and in the back a large statue of a strange looking goat watches over the work of the smiths.

***Uisdean, Master Smith.*** is a 5'8'' tall elf in his late 50's, with tanned skin, strong arms, a large gut, messy blond hair, and brown eyes. He wears a red checkered kilt and a necklace with a shard of black iron.

He is a master blacksmith that has learned with the dwarves of Stonehall to craft the best steel. He is capable of crafting non-magical +1 armor and weapons for twice the items cost, or upgrading non-magical armor and weapons for the items cost.


#### Twin Mermaid's Inn

***Iagan.***


***Briide.***



#### Uiseag Keep
The Uiseag Keep is a large stone castle at the slope of a mountain. The keep is home to the royal family MacIllIanain and the royal guards, the White Wyverns.

***Torcull MacIllIanain.*** is a 6'1'' tall slender pale man with long grayish black hair bound by a iron crown, a pair of deep blue eyes, a hooked nose, and a short white beard. He wears a long green tunic adorned with golden dragons and silver trinkets, and he wears a white cloak over it.

Tircull is a cold and hateful man that idealizes the ancient stories of the dragon slaying elves of old.

\page

### Calling in the Night
During one of the cold nights a silver fox comes to the party attempting to call them deeper into the forest. If the party follows it into a cave a druid will inform the party that a weapon has chosen a party member as its wielder. The party then must venture into the a cave near the sea where the weapon has been slumbering.

#### Call of the night
At dusk a small silver fox with red eyes approaches the cabin where the party is sleeping. It then strikes a playful pose and immediately switches to a almost human like bipedal pose and with its snout the fox points to the forest.

If the party decides to follow the fox they will reach a cave under a large tree. During this movement roll on the Forest Random Encounter table bellow

##### Forest Encounters
| 1d6 | Encounter                                                            |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | Various howls echo throughout the forest then suddenly silence.      |
| 2-3 | Eyes dot the darkness between the trees, observing their every move. |
| 4-5 | An owl lands in a branch illuminated by the full moon.               |
|  6  | A deer crosses their path an seemingly nods to them as it passes by. |


#### Druid's Cave
Within the cave under the tree the party can find an old man with a long messy beard, blind eyes, grey tattoos depicting foxes and fangs cover his whole body. He sits behind a campfire, pig leg is smoking over the flames. The fox then sits like a man besides him carving a piece of the meet with a knife and fork.

The druid then explains to the party that a viking named Nuenon came to this island centuries ago carrying a weapon with a will of its own, the **Gaelach** he then crashed his ship during a storm and the weapon slumbered until now. This night the weapon has awakened and chosen a new wielder. He then informs them that Gaelach is slumbering where darkness and salt meet near the drake's tail. 

___
The party now must make Wisdom (Survival) checks to reach the cave where Gaelach resides.


#### Drake's Tail Cave
The cave is at sea level in a bey, the party has two options to reach the entrance of the cave, either swim against the crashing waves or climb down the rocky wall.

Each turn while climbing, each character must make a DC 17 Strength (Athletics) check, on a failed check the character beings to fall towards the water and without aid must finish by swimming.

Each turn while swimming, each character must make a DC 15 Strength saving throw each turn, taking 3 (1d6) Bludgeoning  damage or half as much on a successful one, to resist the waves.

___
After successfully reaching the interior of the cave the party can find the wreckage of a longship stuck to the wall of the cave within the ship a pile of moss and armors frames body holding a sword sheathed in a scabbard.

> #### Gealach 
> *Martial weapon (longsword), rare*
> ___
> The Gealach, or *night edge* in elvish, is an elyrian longsword of ancient construction with a blade white as the moon a small black hilt, a black grip and a black pommel with a ivory crescent moon embossed in it.
>
> A successful Intelligence (Arcana) or Intelligence (History), from a creature proficient in elvish, check can determine that the weapon was cursed to only be wielded in complete darkness due to its ferocity.
>
> ___
> ***Weapon of the Night.***
> This weapon can only be unsheathed while completely engulfed in darkness.
>
> ***Magic Weapon.***
> While wielding this weapon you have a +5 bonus to attack and damage rolls. This weapon deals magical damage for the purposes of overcoming resistances and immunities.


When a character touches the sword, five strange creature rise from the water...


___
> ## Deep One
>*Medium monstrosity, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 000 (2d8 + 2)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., Swim 30
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 16 (+3) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +3, Perception +3
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Deep
> - **Level** 2 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Amphibious.***
> The deep one can breathe air and water.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d6 + 1) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Harpoon.*** *Melee or Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft or range 20 / 60 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Piercing damage. If the target is a Medium or smaller creature, it must succeed on a contested Strength (Athletics) check against the deep one or be pulled up to 20 feet towards it. 


