## Lanceport Quests
After escaping the pirates grasp the party reaches the the Astoran city of Lanceport. The party now must survive and plan their next move.


### Home Back Home
After docking in the Lanceport dock, (10 gp cost) they reach the small brick house of the Laguierre family. There the party will find Bovir's family.

***Vincent Laguierre.***
Is a 43 year old 6' tall large and muscular man with short grayish red hair, a large nose, stern green eyes, and a tick mustache. He wears simple clothes with a large belt.

Vincent is a stoic men that has lived through many crisis and has left his family's town with Ursula.


***Ursula Laguierre.***
Is a 40 year old 5'4'' tall slender woman with long black hair, pale skin, light blue eyes, and a slender and long nose. She wears simple clothes and a short sword under a green cloak that was a gift from Vincent.

She is a stoic and mysterious woman that genuinely loves Vincent but seems to always be distant. She was a mercenary assassin but she abandoned her old life to live with Vincent.

___
Ursula's mother has left them a few months ago during a conflict that neither Vincent nor Ursula desires to talk about. In reality Ursula's mother has become a witch of Heks to save her daughter when Bovir was being born.


#### Aiding Vincent
After the reunion the party is accommodated at the small house, the party can decide to aid Vincent in his task to unload a ship on the docks. 



### Fishermen's Festival
The day that the party reaches the city of Lanceport a large festival dedicated to the saint of the Holy Path the Fisherman is being organized and will be held that night, the party then can have a moment of happiness and relaxation.

The festival has the following areas.

#### Night of Dancing
A large platform has been built in the central square of the city for bards to perform, characters can join the festivities by dancing to the music of the bards. If a player character succeeds on a DC 15 Charisma (Performance) check one of the following events can happen. Once an event has happened it can't occur again.
___
***Mysterious Dancer.***
You catch the eye of a mysterious dancer and she joins you, her dancing style is completely different then any other you have ever seen. After the song ends she darts into the crowd and disappears.


#### Games of Luck and Skills
A small collection of tents with games of luck and skill have been places around the central square of the city. The characters can take part in the following games.
___
***Three Cups.***
A small tent has an old man with pale skin seated behind a table with three cups on it. A character can play the game by paying 1 gp and making a Wisdom (Perception) check. The DC for the check is determined by the table below.

##### Three Cups DC Table
| 1d6 | DC |
|:---:|:--:|
|  1  | 20 |
|  2  | 17 |
| 3-4 | 15 |
|  5  | 13 |
|  6  | 10 |

___
***Archery.***
Up to three characters enter a arena with a wooden back wall, fence separators, and a hey target in the center of the wall. Each character is given 5 arrows and they takes turns using a shortbow to hit the target.

##### Archery Table
| Attack  | Description                     | Points |
|:-------:|:------------------------------------|:--:|
|    1    | Your shot flies into the night sky. | -1 |
|   2-10  | Your shot hits the back wall.       |  0 |
|  11-13  | Your shot hits the outer ring.      | +1 |
|  14-16  | Your shot hits the middle ring.     | +2 |
|  17-19  | Your shot hits the central ring.    | +3 |
|   +20   | You hit the bullseye.               | +5 |

At the end, sum up the points to declare the winner.

___
***Axe Throwing.***
Up to three characters enter a arena with a wooden back wall, fence separators, and a hey target in the center of the wall. Each character is given 3 handaxes and they takes turns using them to hit the target.

##### Axe Throwing Success Table
| Attack  | Description                     | Points |
|:-------:|:------------------------------------|:--:|
|    1    | Your shot flies into the night sky. | -1 |
|   2-10  | Your shot hits the back wall.       |  0 |
|  11-13  | Your shot hits the outer ring.      | +1 |
|  14-16  | Your shot hits the middle ring.     | +2 |
|  17-19  | Your shot hits the central ring.    | +3 |
|   +20   | You hit the bullseye.               | +5 |

At the end, sum up the points to declare the winner.

___
***Pole Fight.***
Two characters enter a arena with a long and narrow elevated platform surrounded by hey mattresses, each character begins in either end of the platform and are given a quarterstaff with a hey pillow tip and the goal is to use the quarterstaff to knock the opponent off the platform.

Each character takes turns being the attacker and the defender. The attacker makes a Strength (Melee Weapon Attack) check, the result of the check is used by the defender as the DC for a Dexterity (Acrobatics) check.


The game begins with five spaces and a piece in the middle, if the piece reaches either end the character opposite to the piece wins. The piece moves according tho the following rules:

- Whenever a character fails a Dexterity (Acrobatics) check, move the piece one space to the losing side.

- If the attacker rolls a 20 on the d20, the defender must also roll a 20 on the d20.

- If a defender rolls a 20 on the d20, for a non 20 attack, the piece moves one space back.

