# Pirate's Life
The party are now allies of the Wyverns of Doom, a pirate crew from Vinhime. They now must venture into the Boreal forest, raise and army, and raid the island city of Oolacile.

### Tense Morning
After the parties nightly adventure they awaken late in the morning with a member of Grimkell's crew knocking at their door. The pirate informs them that Hild has been summoned to the Uiseag keep at mid day, he then leaves. After the interaction the party realizes that Laia is nowhere to be found.

#### Brawl in the Square
As the party walks through Vinheim in search of Laila they find themselves approaching a crowd, in the middle of it two men with long blond hair and half naked fight each other with round shields and bloodied fists as the crowd shouts and cheers.


#### Truthful Lie
Bovir then is quickly approached by a small and slander hooded figure that reveal its self as Laila, she then asks for its left hand and slides a small sliver ring on it. She then nervously inform him that they should pretend (with a DC 15 Wisdom (Insight check Bovir can determine that she doesn't wish to pretend)) to be engaged.



## Dragon's Engagement
Lady Hild and her allies are summoned to the King's keep in order to partake in the engagement ceremony.

### Uiseag Keep
The Uiseag Keep is a large stone castle at the slope of a mountain. The keep is home to the royal family MacIllIanain and the royal guards, the White Wyverns.

***Torcull MacIllIanain.*** is a 6'1'' tall slender pale man with long grayish black hair bound by a iron crown, a pair of deep blue eyes, a hooked nose, and a short white beard. He wears a long green tunic adorned with golden dragons and silver trinkets, with a white cloak over it.

Torcull is a cold and hateful man that idealizes the ancient stories of the dragon slaying elves of old.


***Torclin MacIllIanain.*** is a 6'2'' tall elvish man with pale skin, short black hair, a clean face, and blue eyes. He wears a green gambeson with golden dragons embroidered on it, and a white cloak over it.

Torclin is the exemplar son of Torcull, almost a carbon copy of its father.


#### Engagement
The party and the members of the Wyvern's of Doom are summoned to a large hall with a fire pit in its center and a large statue of a white dragon behind the king's throne. Hild and Grimkell are summoned closer where a conversation begins:

**- Torcull:** *"Grimkell, commander of the wyverns and blade of Vinheim you come to stake your life in Innur's shadow?"* 

**- Grimkell:** *"Yes, I come to ask the great white dragon, betrayer of its kin and sworn ally of the elves for this lady's hand"*

**- Torcull:** *"And you stake it on what deed?"*

**- Grimkell:** *"On the blood of the traitors of Oolacile and the return of power to its rightful lady."*

**- Torcull:** *"And you lady of the lake isle, do you accept this promise?"* gesturing to Hild.

After Hild's response, in the case of acceptance.

**- Torcull:** *"The this promise has been made and as the voice of Innur I accept this stake on his behalf. And as a parting gift I king of the drakeisle gift the engaged couple five sea serpent horns"*

___
The sea serpent horns are in reality narwhal horns, a character can discern this information if it has traveled in the high seas and has succeeded on a DC 20 Intelligence (Nature) or Wisdom (Animal Handling) check.

\page

## Journey to Forres
The journey to Forres is a long and arduous. Once cleared the party will reach the port city of Forres, a large town at best located in the border between the massive Boreal Forest and the sea.


##### Encounters at Sea
| d10 | Encounter                                                                                      |
|:---:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | A storm catches the fleet off guard, DC 10 Strength saving throw or be knocked unconscious.    |
| 2-3 | 1 **blue wale**                                                                                |
| 4-7 | A storm encroaches on the ships with a DC 15 Navigation (Intelligence) the party can avoid it. |
| 8-9 | 2d6 **seagulls**                                                                               |
|  0  | Skies are clear and the voyage is calm.                                                        |

***Storm.***
The ship is slammed with waves that crack the hull 21 (6d6) Bludgeoning damage, as the rain makes the deck slippery and the waves assault the passengers within, each member of the ship, in order of Dexterity score, must make a DC 10 Strength (Athletics) check or be knocked out of the ship.

A creature that has succeeded its check can take the Help action to aid another creature. If all members of the ship fail their checks the ship capsizes and all its parts take an additional 21 (6d6) Bludgeoning damage.


### Forres
After the long journey the fleet reaches the port city of Forres, DECRIPTION. Within the city the characters can visit the following locations and partake in the following events.


#### Gifts to Gold
In Forres the fleet can sell its sea serpent horns in the city market, a loud and chaotic collection of shops and tents that create a maze of trades. One member of the party, that knows Elvish or is aided with someone that knows, must make a Charisma (Persuasion) or Charisma (Deception) check.

Use the result of the roll to inform the party the offers that they have attracted using the Offers Table bellow.

##### Offers Table
| Roll  | Offer                                    |
|:-----:|:-----------------------------------------|
|  1-5  | No one is interested                     |
|  6-10 | A merchant offers 200 gp for each horn   |
| 11-15 | A merchant offers 1,000 gp for 3 horns   |
| 16-20 | A merchant offers 300 gp for each horn   |
| 21-25 | A merchant offers 2,000 gp for all horns |


#### Druidic Ritual
Word spreads that a druid has organized a ritual for next dawn dedicated to the god of life and nature Aaine, the summer stag.

If the party decides to join the ritual they will reach a small clearing in the forest where a group of people covered in long tunics surround a massive bonfire, atop a stone platform a druid speaks in elvish "We offer thee Aaine our bodies and devotion may you bring us a bountiful spring, a warm and a wondrous summer" as he hurls a burning branch into the bonfire igniting it.

Immediately after the flames rise the robed men and woman remove their robes to reveal that they are nude and they begin a dance around the fire. If the players join the dance they must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or start to hallucinate.


#### Possible Crew Mates
The party can search for possible crew mates, attracting the following characters.

***Hywel, the Brute.***
is a large and tall man with short blond hair, a messy blond beard, a large gut, and the shoulders and back adorned with tattoos of sea serpents. He wears only a pair of plain pants, leather boots, a studded leather belt, and wields an anchor as its weapon.

Hywel is a crazy berserker that has a decent experience on the battlefield... He wants 300 gp to join the fleet but can lower its price to 150 gp.

___
> ## Hywel
>*Medium humanoid (elf), true neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 22 (2d12 + 4)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +5, Con +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +5, Intimidation +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 2 Berserker **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Rage (1/day).*** 
> Hywel can use a bonus action to gain the following benefirs, for up to 1 minute:
> - She has advantage on Strength checks and saving throws.
> - When she makes a Strength weapon attack it gains +2 to damage rolls.
> - She gains resistance to Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing damage.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Anchor.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d12 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Anchor (Rage).*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (1d12 + 5) Piercing damage. 
>


***Dewi, Quick Blade.***
is a tall and slender men with short blond hair, green eyes and a hooked nose. He wears a plain beige gambeson and wields a pair of short swords.

Dewi is a crude men with poor hygiene... He wants 200 gp to join the fleet but can lower its price to 150 gp.

___
> ## Dewi
>*Medium humanoid (elf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 12 (2d8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 17 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 14 (+2) | 14 (+2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +0, Cha +0
> - **Skills** Acrobatics, Perception +0
> - **Senses** passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 2 **PB** +2
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Dewi makes two shortsword attacks
>
> ***Shortsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>


***Siani.***
is a tall and slender woman with long braided blond hair, brown eyes, and a scar on her right cheek. She wears a red brigandine, a occular helmet and she wields a partizan.

Siani is a no nonsense soldier that is very experienced in battle... She wants 500 gp to join the fleet but can lower her price to 250 gp.

___
> ## Siani
>*Medium humanoid (elf), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 17 (Brigandine)
> - **Hit Points** 27 (3d10 + 6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 14 (+2) | 14 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Dex +4
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Persuasion +1
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Elvish
> - **Level** 3 Soldier **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Second Wind (1/Rest).***
> Siani can use a bonus action to regain (1d10 + 3) hit points.
>
> ***Action Surge (1/Rest).***
> Siani can take an additional Action.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Partizan.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage, plus 1d8 if she has moved at least 30 feet before hitting the attack. 
>
