# Journey To Melfia
The following are the quests that take place between the lake Sgaathan and the city of Melfia.

## Journey Begins
The party begins their journey by reaching the small village of Dun Dee, a small and chaotic swarm of wooden structures, where the party made their farewell from their ship and its crew. After which the party took a donkey trip to the small town of Braemar where their journey to Melfia begins.

In Braemar the party can perform small tasks for some rewards, buy items in the shops, and or get information about the world around them.


### Braemar
The town of Braemar is a border town between Silvaris and Forossa, it is a walled town at the edge of the boreal forest. The town of Braemar is a chaotic maze of narrow dirt streets surrounded by crooked buildings.

Within the town the party can find the following relevant buildings.

#### Summer Hall
The summer hall is a large wooden house with green crops painted on its walls, within the building the party can find a dimly lit building with a green stag statue surrounded by various flower pots and burning incense.

Within the summer hall the party will find the following characters:

***Caleb, the Wise.***
Caleb is a very old man with long greyish red hair as well as a long beard, a blind eye, and freckled face. He wears a long green robe and a fox pelt around his neck.

Caleb is known as the town's druid, despite being capable only of minor predictions or visions.

<div class='descriptive'>

##### Sacrificial Hunt
Caleb asks the party to hunt for a beast as a sacrifice for the coming summer, in exchange he offers the party to see into their future, if nature allows him.

</div>


#### Forge of Braemar
The forge of the town is a large cobblestone building with a large stone pit full of incandescent coal where a crew of three men work the anvil.
___
In the forge the party will find the following characters:

***Ben Black.***
Ben Black is a 57 year old tall and muscular man with a bald head a black ram tattoo on his left shoulder and deep red mustache. He wars simple clothing under a heavy leather apron.

#### Broken Stool
The Broken Stool is a small two story building with simple wooden walls...
___
In the Broken Stool inn the party can find the following characters:

***Ollie Barr.*** is a short old man with curly brown hair.

***Louie & Zander.*** are two brothers with short curly brown hair and pale-tanned skin. They wear simple clothing and leather gloves.

They work for their aunt INN_KEEPER_NAME as a way to pay for their stay away from the city of Tauber where their parents live.


#### O'Donnell Stable
The stables are a large wooden barn where carts and horses are kept for the voyage from Braemar to the other neighboring cities.
___
The stable is kept by the O'Donnell family, especially by:

***Ella-Rose O'Donnell.***
Ella-Rose is a 33 year old woman with short red hair a five o'clock shadow, thick eyebrows and brown eyes. She wears simple clothing under a beige overall.

She is the owner and coordinator of the stables and she offers the following options:

##### Caravan Trips
| From Braemar to   | Duration | Cost   |
|:------------------|:--------:|:------:|
| Irvine            | 7 days   | 400 gp |
| Tauber            | 10 days  | 450 gp |
| Tullich Monastery | 7 days   | 600 gp |

\page

### Journey to Irvine
At first it will take a week for the caravan to return but once its back the party can join it to travel trough the windlands.

For each day of the trip roll on the Weather and Encounter tables 

##### Weather Table
|  2d6  | Weather         |
|:-----:|:----------------|
|   1   | Dry             |
|   2   | Extremely sunny |
|  3-4  | very sunny      |
|  5-6  | Sunny           |
|  7-8  | Light wind      |
|  9-10 | Heavily windy   |
|  11   | Rainy           |
|  12   | Stormy          |

##### Encounters table
|  2d6  | Encounter                                               |
|:-----:|:--------------------------------------------------------| 
|   1   | 1 **roc** attacks the caravan                           |
|   2   | a toppled caravan cart that seemingly fell from the sky |
|  3-4  | 1d4 + 2 **mounted thieves**                             |
|  5-6  | a group of hermits walking the road                     |
|  7-8  | 2d6 **stags**                                           |
|  9-10 | a caravan returning from Irvine or Tauber               |
|  11   | 1d6 + 1 **wild horse**                                  |
|  12   | a lonely house in a field of wheat                      |

\page

### Irvine
The town of Irvine is a small village that serves as a stopping point between Ramsgate and other cities. As a result the town has a large number of taverns and inns but no additional structures of relevance to the party.
___
Despite the simplicity of the town one distinguishing aspect of Irvine is its jousting ring, where knights from various kingdoms come to test their skill and bravery.


#### Three Tulips
The Three Tulips is a wooden longhouse with painted white walls...
___
In the Three Tulips inn the party can find the following characters:

***Matilda of Irvine.*** is a plump woman with long curly red hair, freckled face, and a round nose.


#### Full Pint
The Full Pint tavern is a simple two story wooden building...
___
In the Full Pint inn the party can find the following characters:

***INN_KEEPER_NAME.*** DESCRIPTION.


#### Armet
The Armet inn is a small stone brick building with a red tile roof and glass windows, located next to the justing arena. It is a inn dedicated to  
___
In the Armet inn the party can find the following characters:

***Hector, the Cavalier.*** is a 5'10'' tall slender man that wears refined clothes...


#### Ragdar Stable
The stables are a large wooden barn where carts and horses are kept for the voyage from Irvine to the other neighboring cities.
___
The stable is kept by the Ragdar family, especially by:

***Anders Ragdar.*** is a bald strong man with...

He is the owner and coordinator of the stables and she offers the following options:

##### Caravan Trips
| From Irvine to    | Duration | Cost   |
|:------------------|:--------:|:------:|
| Ramsgate          | 6 days   | 375 gp |
| Tauber            | 5 days   | 350 gp |
| Braemar           | 7 days   | 400 gp |

\page

#### Jousting Arena
The jousting arena is a 120 foot long 20 foot wide field of packed dirt split by a wooden fence into two 10-foot wide lanes. On either side of the lanes are small bleachers where the audience can watch the duel.

##### Rules of Jousting
For a character to attempt to joust it must first be proficient in riding horses and be proficient in the Lance weapon. If its has a horse of its own it can use it, else it must pay 100 gp to use a horse from the stable, in addition if a character doesn't have a lance it can buy one for the joust for 5 gp.

In the arena the party can find two knights waiting for a challenge.


***Raymond, of Tauber.*** is a 5'8'' tall man with short reddish brown hair, a well kept beard and...

___
> ## Raymond
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Plate, shield)
> - **Hit Points** 62 (8d10 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 14 (+2) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +5
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +5, Animal Handling +4, Athletics +7, Perception +3 
> - **Senses** passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Born in the Saddle.*** Raymond has advantage on Dexterity (Acrobatics) and Wisdom (Animal Handling) checks while riding a horse.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Lance.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (1d12 + 4) Piercing damage.
>

```
```

***Gherman Meckler, of Schwerin.*** is a 5'9'' tall man with short straight black hair...

___
> ## Gherman
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 19 (Plate, buckler)
> - **Hit Points** 37 (5d10 + 5)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Dex +6
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +6, Animal Handling +4, Athletics +6, Intimidation +6
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Reckless Attack.*** At the beginning of the turn, Gherman can gain advantage on all melee weapon attacks during its turn, but attack rolls against it have advantage until the start of its next turn.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Lance.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d12 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Parry.*** After an attack misses the Gherman, it can use a reaction to make a lance attack.
>

\page

### Journey to Ramsgate
As the party journey to the city of Ramsgate  their path will be crossed by a green knight and its followers.


***Askeladd, the Green Knight.*** is a 6'2'' man with messy greyish red-brown hair and beard, slitted green eyes, and a hooked nose.

He dawns a old metal suit of plate armor adorned with vines that seem to grow around the armor. In addition he wields a old greatsword...

Askeladd has 77 hit points.

___
> ## Askeladd
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 19 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 64 (8d10 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Wis +6, Cha +2
> - **Skills** Arcana +3, Athletics +7, Nature +3, Perception +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common, Sylvan
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Askeladd is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). Askeladd has the following Paladin of the Ancients Spells prepared:
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *command, detect magic, ensnaring strike, shield of faith*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *Aid, moonbeam, misty step*
>
> ***Divine Smite.*** When Askeladd hits a creature with a melee weapon attack he can spend a spell slot to deal an extra 2d8 Radiant damage and an extra 1d8 for each slot above 1st.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Lay on Hands.*** Askeladd has a pool of 40 hit points that he can spend to heal either himself or a creature within 5 feet of him that he can touch.
>
> ***Nature's Wrath.*** Askeladd causes vines to spring up from the ground and reach for a creature within 10 feet of him. The target must succeed on a DC 16 Strength or Dexterity saving throw or be Restrained. The target can repeat the save as an action on its turn.
>

```
```

In addition Askeladd is followed by three FOREST_SPIRIT.

___
> ## FOREST_SPIRIT
>*Medium fey, chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor) 
> - **Hit Points** 20 (3d8 + 3)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 17 (+3) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +4, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Athletics +1, Perception +5
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Sylvan
> - **Level** 3 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***False Appearance.*** While the gargoyle remains motionless, it is indistinguishable from an inanimate statue.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The FOREST_SPIRIT's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 13, +5 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> 2/day each: *cure wounds, entangle*
>
> 1/day each: *hold person*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Vine Whip.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>