
## Vollkars Climb
The party has reached the foot of the Vollkars range, a mountain range composed of jagged snowy peaks that cut trough the region's constant fog. As the party ascends the mountain range they will reach 

### Carts Under Attack
As the party ventures up the mountain they start to hear the screams of men and women mixed with an unhuman scream up ahead.

When the party reaches the origin of the screams they can see two wagons knocked on their sides, with the people inside kicking and screaming, the body of horses and men are dismembered and scattered around the road and a huge humanoid feasting on the flesh of a horse.

___
> ## Hill Giant
>*Huge giant, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 115 (10d12 + 50)
> - **Speed** 40 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 22 (+6) |  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) |  6 (-2) | 10 (+0) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +9
> - **Skills** Perception +4, Survival +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Giant
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Greatclub.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 18 (3d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Rock.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, range 60/240 ft., one target. *Hit* 21 (3d10 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> The hill giant can take 2 legendary action, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The hill giant regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Detect.*** the giant makes a Wisdom (Perception) check.
>
> ***Stop (Costs 2 Actions).*** The giant stomps the ground with tremendous force. Each creature within 5 feet of the giant must make a DC 18 Strength saving throw, on a failed save the creature takes 7 (2d6) Bludgeoning damage and is knocked Prone or takes half the damage and isn't knocked Prone.
>

After defeating the giant and helping out the people trapped in the carts the party can meet the following notable characters: 
___
***Levi Baltz, the Rat.***
Levi Baltz is a 4'8'' tall slender men with pale skin short black hair and lightblue eyes. He wears crumpled clothes and a dirty darkgrey cape, in addition he stealthily carries a pair daggers.

Levi Baltz is a assassin from the Quicktalons that is returning to the city after completing a mission in Hallstatt and he knows a secret entrance to the city of Melfia, trough a secret tunnel controlled by the Quicktalons.

___
***Lucia Vogel.***
Lucia Vogel is a 5'4'' tall woman in her early 30's with pale skin, short black hair and brown hair. She wears a simple faded blue dress and a leather apron over it. 

Lucia is jeweler from the city that was visiting Rattvik for a wedding she helped prepare over letters.

___
***Ralf, the Smith.***
Ralf is a 5'10'' bulky man in his early 40's with a short grey-brown beard, a clean shaved bald head, small blue eyes and a large red nose. He wears simple clothes under a black apron.

Ralf is a old friend of Lucia that has joined her trip to Rattvik.


### Road to Melfia
After defeating the giant the party continues their journey trough the mountain road they eventually reach a carriage traffic jam. Asking around the party can discover the following information:
 - The city has shut down its gates and are investigating each and every cart, wagon, and person trying to enter the city.
 - The city has taken this decision after a diviner greybeard has predicted that an outsider will bring ruin to the city. *(Medium)*
 - The diviner in question is a man named **Franz Lange**, a member of the parliament *(Hard)*

___
The party can wait for the guards to search them for magical items, attempting to hide them before the guards search them.

\page


## Melfia
The city of Melfia, located atop the Vollkars mountain, is a small walled city composed of two sections. The burg, where the elite of the city reside and the inner city where the remaining population resides. In the surrounding area of the city there are small walled keeps that hafexian nobles use as winter homes.

##### Inns of Melfia
| Name                | Cost per Day   | Cost per Meal |
|:--------------------|:--------------:|:-------------:|
|*Burg Inns*          |                |               |
| Golden Weizen Inn   | 10 gp - 100 gp |  1 gp - 10 gp |
|*Inner City Inns*    |                |               |
| Maultier            |  5 sp -  2 gp  |  5 sp         |
| Falke's Tavern      |  1 gp - 10 gp  |               |
|*Outskirts Inns*     |                |               |
| Vindmuhl Inn        |  5 sp -  8 gp  |               | 

### Burg
The burg is a small walled section of the city that is higher then the rest of the city. Within the section, various houses and stores... The party can find the following notable structures in the burg:

#### House of Parliament
The House of Parliament is a large gothic building with stained glass windows with arcane glyphs masked in the patterns and large columns and arches.

Within the parliament the party can find the cities Eldritch Knights, a elite fighting force, and the council of Greybeards, a council of wizards and sages that control the city.


#### Silbermond Academy of Astronomy
The Silbermond Academy of Astronomy is a large complex of gothic buildings that surround a large cylindrical building covered in a verdigris dome.

Within the complex the party can find the Stargelehrte, or scholars of the stars, and other students of the arcane arts.


#### Golden Weizen Inn
The Golden Weizen Inn is a two story brick building with ornate columns and large stained windows. Within the first floor the party can find a large salon with a dedicated stage and a separate restaurant, while in the second floor the party can find the private rooms.

The Golden Weizen is operated by **Viola Carstens** and her "daughters"...

```
```

### Inner City
The inner city is a large walled section of the city that contains the city's burg and the remaining houses and structures of the city. The party can find the following notable structures in the inner city:


#### Maultier
The Maultier is a narrow two story brick building, sandwiched between two houses in the middle of Melfia. Within the first floor the party can find a small bar and a small communal bedroom, while on the second floor the party can find the private rooms.

The Maultier is operated by **Mr. Johan Stein.** and his two nephews, George and Eugene.


#### Falke's Tavern
Falke's Tavern is a simple two story brick building near the city gate. Within the first floor the party can find a small salon with a bar and the communal bedroom, while on the second floor has the private bedrooms.

The inn is operated by **Karl Falke Jr.** and its associates. He uses the underground of the inn to operate a guild of assassins known in the underworld as the Quicktalons.
___
***Karl Falke Jr.*** is a 5'8'' tall men in his late 40's with short greyish-brown hair, blue eyes and a scar on his right cheek. He wears a simple black suit with a burgundy shirt.

Karl, or Mr. Falke as he is most commonly known, is a smooth talker for most and the ruthless leader of the assassin guild of Melfia. 


#### Eisenhaus
The Eisenhaus is a small greyish-red brick building where blacksmiths and armorers craft tools and weapons.


### Outskirts
The outskirts of the city. The party can find the following notable structures in the outskirts of Melfia:

#### Vindmuhl Inn
The Vindmuhl Inn is a small single floor building annexed to a windmill that Mühsal family has built as a way to improve their income but eventually became their sole business. The inn has a large salon with hammocks for beds and a single guest room that patrons can buy.

The Vidmuhl inn is operated by **Patrik Mühsal** a simple farmer and his family.

#### Blauertrum Mansion
The Blauertrum mansion is a small stone brick building with a large blue tower, surrounded by a small walled garden.

#### Himmelsspeer Castle
The Himmelsspeer castle is a keep half a mile away from Melfia that has been abandoned for the last ten years, after a incident that caused all its residents to disappear in the middle of the night.


\page


## Shady Job
If the party enters the city trough the aid of Levi the party will be requested to infiltrate the tower of a wizard

17 - 14 - 13 - 10 - 10 - 8

***Franz Lange, the Diviner.*** is a 5'8'' tall men in his early 60's with a wrinkled face. Franz wears a simple blueish-grey robe and a plaster mask of a pair of open eyes on his face.

Franz is a wizard of the Divination tradition that has predicted that an outsider will destroy the city so he is enforcing a lock down on the city. 

___
> ## Franz Lange
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 9
> - **Hit Points** 20 (7d6 - 7)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) | 16 (+3) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +8, Wis +6
> - **Skills** Arcana +8, Deception +4, Insight +6, Perception +6, Persuasion +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** Wizard 7 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Franz is an 7th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). Franz has the following Wizard Spells prepared: 12
>
> Cantrips (at will). *chill touch, dancing lights, fire bolt, friends*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *alarm, charm person, mage armor, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *enlarge/reduce, hold person, invisibility, mind spike*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, haste, fireball*
>
> 4th Level (1 slots). *banishment*
>
> ***Portent.*** At the end of a long rest Franz rolls 2d20 and records the results. Until the end of its next long rest he can spend one of the dice to replace any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by him or a creature that he can see with one of these foretelling rolls.
> He must choose to do so before the roll, and he can replace a roll in this way only once per turn.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +0 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 Bludgeoning damage.
>
> ***Fire Bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +8 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Fire damage.


___
> ## Animated Armor
>*Medium construct, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +3
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +4
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60ft., passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Understands Common but can't speak it.
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***False Appearance.*** While the armor remains motionless, it is indistinguishable from a normal suit of armor.
>
> ***Anti-magic Susceptibility.*** The armor is incapacitated while in the area of an anti-magic field. If targeted by dispel magic, the armor must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against the caster's spell save DC or fall unconscious for 1 minute.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Animated armor makes two greatsword attacks.
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>
