



## Shady Job
Hild must infiltrate the quarters of a famous scholar in the Silbermond Academy


***Franz Lange, the Diviner.*** is a 5'8'' tall men in his early 60's with a wrinkled face. Franz wears a simple blueish-grey robe and a plaster mask of a pair of open eyes on his face.

Franz is a wizard of the Divination tradition that has predicted that an outsider will destroy the city so he is enforcing a lock down on the city. 

___
> ## Animated Armor
>*Medium construct, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) |  5 (-3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Dex +3
> - **Skills** Athletics +7, Perception +4
> - **Senses** Blindsight 60ft., passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Understands Common but can't speak it.
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***False Appearance.*** While the armor remains motionless, it is indistinguishable from a normal suit of armor.
>
> ***Anti-magic Susceptibility.*** The armor is incapacitated while in the area of an anti-magic field. If targeted by dispel magic, the armor must succeed on a Constitution saving throw against the caster's spell save DC or fall unconscious for 1 minute.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Animated armor makes two greatsword attacks.
>
> ***Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>


___
> ## Franz Lange
>*Medium humanoid(human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 9
> - **Hit Points** 20 (7d6 - 7)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) | 16 (+3) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +8, Wis +6
> - **Skills** Arcana +8, Deception +4, Insight +6, Perception +6, Persuasion +4
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Common
> - **Level** Wizard 7 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Franz is an 7th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 15, +8 to hit with spell attacks). Franz has the following Wizard Spells prepared: 12
>
> Cantrips (at will). *chill touch, dancing lights, fire bolt, friends*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *alarm, charm person, mage armor, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *enlarge/reduce, hold person, invisibility, mind spike*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, haste, fireball*
>
> 4th Level (1 slots). *banishment*
>
> ***Portent.*** At the end of a long rest Franz rolls 2d20 and records the results. Until the end of its next long rest he can spend one of the dice to replace any attack roll, saving throw, or ability check made by him or a creature that he can see with one of these foretelling rolls.
> He must choose to do so before the roll, and he can replace a roll in this way only once per turn.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed Strike.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +0 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 Bludgeoning damage.
>
> ***Fire Bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +8 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Fire damage.

\page

## With the Dragon's Aid
Bovir, with the aid of the city guard and the Dragon himself seek its friends.

***Augustine Hersch.*** is a old and slender man that wears a simple black robe over a red shirt...

___
> ## Augustine, The Dragon
>*Medium humanoid (human), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 10
> - **Hit Points** 34 (9d6)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 20 (+5) | 14 (+2) | 14 (+2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +0, Wis +0
> - **Skills** Arcana +0, Deception +0, History +0, Persuasion +0
> - **Senses** passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Common, LANGUAGE
> - **Level** 9 Wizard **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Augustin is an 9th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 17, +9 to hit with spell attacks). Augustin has the following Wizard Spells prepared: 14 12
>
> Cantrips (at will). *firebolt, light, mage hand, message*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *burning hands, charm person, shield, mage armor, magic missile*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *aganazzar's scorcher, darkness, hold person*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, fireball*
>
> 4th Level (3 slots). *fire shield, otiluke's resilient sphere*
>
> 5th Level (1 slots). *immolation*
>
> ***Sculpt Spells.*** 
> Augustine can create pockets of relative safety within the effects of your evocation spells. When he casts an evocation spell that affects other creatures that he can see, he can choose a number of them equal to 1 + the spell's level. The chosen creatures automatically succeed on their saving throws against the spell, and they take no damage if they would normally take half damage on a successful save.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Unarmed.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* -1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 (1d1) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Firebolt.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Fire damage.


\page


## The Abandoned Castle
The party is tasked by Franz Lange Himmelsspeer Castle, a keep located half a mile away from Melfia that has been abandoned for the last ten years after a incident that caused all its residents to disappear in the middle of the night.

In reality the keep was the sight of a sacrifice, with its denizens serving as kindling for the keep's lord to ascend into an eldritch creature that now lives within the keep.

___
The party begins their adventure within the city of Melfia where they can search for clues by either passing a DC 20 Wisdom (Perception) check or Charisma (Deception / Persuasion) checks to overhear or coax information from the general population. Or alternatively they can search the city records of the event with a DC 15 Intelligence (Investigation) check.

##### Truth
The known truths about the incident are:
- The lord of the keep was involved with a group of thieves that were operating during that night (*Int*)
- The lord was an exocentric shodden (*Wis*, *Cha*)
- The household was small and devoid of hairs (*Int*, *Cha*)

##### Lies
|  d4 | Rumors on the Street                         | Dubious Report                                   |
|:---:|:---------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | The residents were killed by the "dragons"   | The keep was infiltrated by an assassin          |
| 2/3 | They vanished to escape their debt           | The residents were spirited away                 |
|  4  | The lord was a werewolf that killed them all | The lord was a psychopath that poisoned the keep |

___
After investigating the events of the night the party must then reach and enter the abandoned keep.

### Himmelsspeer Castle
The castle is a small gothic stone building surrounded by a ring of walls...

#### Entrance & Patio
ROOM_DESCRIPTION.

#### ROOM_1
ROOM_DESCRIPTION.

#### ROOM_1
ROOM_DESCRIPTION.

#### ROOM_1
ROOM_DESCRIPTION.

#### ROOM_1
ROOM_DESCRIPTION.

#### Treasure Room
The treasure room is a small dilapidated room with its roof caved in and rubble littering the ground. Among the objects in the room the party can find a toppled cabinet with

___
> ## Mimic
>*Medium aberration, chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d8 + 16)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 12 (+1) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** Stealth +4
> - **Damage Immunities** Acid
> - **Condition Immunities** Prone
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 11
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Shapechanger.*** The mimic can use its action to polymorph into an object or back into its true, amorphous form. Its statistics are the same in each form. Any equipment it is wearing or carrying isn 't transformed. It reverts to its true form if it dies.
>
> ***False Appearance (Object Form Only).*** While the mimic remains motionless, it is indistinguishable from an ordinary object.
>
> ***Grappler.*** The mimic has advantage on attack rolls against any creature grappled by it.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The mimic makes two slam or bite attacks.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit:* 13 (1d8 + 4) Piercing damage plus (1d8) Acid damage.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d6 + 4) Bludgeoning damage. 
>

After defeating the mimic the party can find 

#### Ring of Evasion
*Ring, rare (requires attunement)*

You can nimbly dodge out of the way of certain area effects, such as a red dragon’s fiery breath or a fireball spell. When you are subjected to an effect that allows you to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, you instead take no damage if you succeed on the saving throw, and only half damage if you fail.


#### Tower shaft
The tower of the castle is mostly intact...

\page

#### Basement
Beneath the castle's tower there's a basement where the origin of the strange sensation

___
___
> ## Malformed Beholder
>*Large aberration, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 168 (12d10 + 48)
> - **Speed** 0 ft., fly 20 ft. (hover)
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 17 (+3) | 14 (+2) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +7, Wis +6, Cha +7
> - **Skills** Perception +6
> - **Condition Immunities** Prone
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Deep Speech, Common (*broken*)
> - **Level** 12 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Antimagic Cone.*** The beholder's central eye creates an area of antimagic, as in the antimagic field spell, in a 150-foot cone. At the start of each of its turns, the beholder decides which way the cone faces and whether the cone is active. The area works against the beholder’s own eye rays.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (2d8) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Eye Rays.*** The beholder shoots three of the following magical eye rays at random (reroll duplicates), choosing one to three targets it can see within 120 ft. of it:
>
> *1) Charm Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be charmed by the beholder for 1 hour, or until the beholder harms the creature.
>
> *2) Paralyzing Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Constitution saving throw or be paralyzed for 1 minute. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
>
> *3) Fear Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be frightened for 1 minute. The target can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
>
> ```
> ```
>
> *4) Slowing Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the target’s speed is halved for 1 minute. In addition, the creature can’t take reactions, and it can take either an action or a bonus action on its turn, not both. The creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success.
>
> *5) Enervation Ray.* The targeted creature must make a DC 15 Constitution saving throw, taking 18 (4d8) necrotic damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
>
> *6) Telekinetic Ray.* If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or the beholder moves it up to 30 ft. in any direction. It is restrained by the ray’s telekinetic grip until the start of the beholder’s next turn or until the beholder is incapacitated. If the target is an object weighing 300 pounds or less that isn’t being worn or carried, it is moved up to 30 ft. in any direction. The beholder can also exert fine control on objects with this ray, such as manipulating a simple tool or opening a door or a container.
>
> *7) Sleep Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or fall asleep and remain unconscious for 1 minute. The target awakens if it takes damage or another creature takes an action to wake it. This ray has no effect on constructs and undead.
>
> *8) Petrification Ray.* The targeted creature must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, the creature begins to turn to stone and is restrained. It must repeat the saving throw at the end of its next turn. On a success, the effect ends. On a failure, the creature is petrified until freed by the greater restoration spell or other magic.
>
> *9) Disintegration Ray.* If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or take 27 (6d8) force damage. If this damage reduces the creature to 0 hit points, its body becomes a pile of fine gray dust. If the target is a Large or smaller nonmagical object or creation of magical force, it is disintegrated without a saving throw. If the target is a Huge or larger object or creation of magical force, this ray disintegrates a 10-foot cube of it.
>
> *0) Death Ray.* The targeted creature must succeed on a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw or take 44 (8d10) necrotic damage. The target dies if the ray reduces it to 0 hit points.
>
>

\page

The beholder is the lord Jakob Fugger, a former baron turned abyssal creature through the powers of an egg of desire. 