# Aftermath of a Sacrifice
___
As the party climbs the lonely mountain towards the Stellar Keep, the ground begins to shake and the clouds in the sky quickly swirl and dissipates.


After a short while, the sky clears and the ground stabilizes, to reveal that the painted word has been transported to the plains between Hafexia, Vrostia, and Forossa.

The party then has a choice, either continue climbing the mountain, leading to the **Sorceress Gambit**, or abandon the climb leading to the **Lost out of Time**.

## Sorceress Gambit
The party resume their climb, advancing further and further up the mountain

##### Mountain Encounters
| 1d6 | Encounter                                |
|:---:|:-----------------------------------------|
|  1  | **Russ**                                 |
| 2-3 | A stone boulder detaches from the cliff. |
| 4-5 | 1d4 **air elementals**                   |
|  6  | Snowfall that lasts for 1d6 hours        |

___
> ## Russ
>*Medium humanoid (strig), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Leather)
> - **Hit Points** 49 (7d8 + 14)
> - **Speed** 30 ft. fly 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 20 (+5) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 16 (+3) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +9, Wis +6
> - **Skills** *Acrobatics* +11, Perception +6, Survival +6
> - **Senses** passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Strig, Elvish, Dwarvish
> - **Level** 7 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Cunning Action.***
> Russ can use a bonus action to take the Dash, Disengage, or Hide action.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** Russ makes two Silver Slicer attacks.
>
> ***Silver Slicer.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (1d10 + 5) Slashing damage.
>
> ***Swirling Slices.*** Russ makes three Silver Slicer attacks, if all attacks hit he can take this action again.
>
> ### Reactions
> ***Fly Away.*** If a creature hits Russ with a attack he can use half of his flying speed without provoking opportunity attacks.
>

#### Silver Slicer
*Weapon (double bladed sword), rare*

| Damage        | Weight | Properties          |
|:--------------|:------:|:--------------------|
| 1d10 Slashing |  3 lb. | Finesse, two-handed |
___
***Swirling Slices.***
You use your action and bonus action to make three consecutive attacks with this weapon. If you hit a creature with all the attacks you can repeat this action.

This action doesn't benefit from Extra attack and can't be performed more then once per round as well as it can't be held or used as a reaction.


\page

After climbing the majority of the mountain the party crosses paths with a traveling dwarf accompanied by a crippled giant.

___
***Durindal, Durin's Herald.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

Currently he is a 8th-level **Wizard** that is seeking the party and the dwarven city-states in order to fix the mistakes of history and tell the tale of the Iron Lord Durin the Radiant

___
> ## Durindal
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), lawful good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Reinforced Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d6 + 24)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 20 (+5) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +8, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Arcana +8, Insight +5, Perception +5, *Persuasion* +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Dwarvish, Elvish, Common
> - **Level** Wizard 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Durindal is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). Durindal has the following Wizard Spells prepared:
>
> Cantrips (at will). *fire bolt, friends, mage hand, mending*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *alarm, charm person, detect magic, magic missile, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *enhance ability, hold person, misty step*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, fireball*
>
> 4th Level (2 slots). *banishment, fire shield*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Mace.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d6) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Fire bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +8 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Fire damage. 

```
```

***Radik.*** is a 10 foot tall greyish blue skinned giant with a large viking helmet and mail... He carries Durin's Hammer.

___
> ## Radik
>*Huge giant, lawful good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 94 (10d12 + 30)
> - **Speed** 15 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 22 (+6) |  6 (-2) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +7
> - **Skills** Athletics +10, Crafting +10 
> - **Damage Resistances** Cold
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Giant, Dwarvish
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ### Actions
> ***Furious Roar (1/day).*** Radik emits a furious roar. A number of creatures of its choice within 60 feet of it must make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw, on a failed save the creature is Frightened for 1 minute or until it saves.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +10 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 16 (3d6 + 6) Bludgeoning damage. 
>


\page


***Naryn.*** is a 8 foot tall slender woman with lightblue scales, a dragon tail, and bone horns sprouting from the top of her hair. She has a pair of intense lizard-like green eyes.

She wears a simple white dress...

___
> ## Naryn, the Sorceress
>*Large draconic humanoid, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 48 (8d10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) | 22 (+6) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +4, Cha +9
> - **Skills** Arcana +4, History +4, Insight +2, Persuasion +9
> - **Damage Resistances** Cold
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120ft., passive Perception 9
> - **Languages** Draconic, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Naryn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 17, +9 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *armor of agathys, dragon's breath (cold)*
>
> 3/day each: *ice storm, rime's binding ice*
>
> 2/day each: *cone of cold, wall of ice*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Tail Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +0 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d6) Bludgeoning damage. 
>




\page

## Appendix A: Stat blocks


___
> ## Caretaker
>*Large construct, lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 127 (15d10 + 45)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 17 (+3) | 20 (+5) | 15 (+2) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +10, Wis +7, Cha +8
> - **Skills** Arcana +10, Deception +8, Insight +7, Perception +7 Persuasion +8
> - **Damage Immunities** Cold
> - **Condition Immunities** Charm
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120ft., passive Perception 17
> - **Languages** Strig, Elvish
> - **Level** 15 **PB** +5
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Caretaker's innate spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 18, +10 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *frostbite, ray of frost*
>
> 3/day each: *command, frost fingers, shield*
>
> 2/day each: *counterspell, thunder step*
>
> 1/day each: *ice storm*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Caretaker either makes two moonlight greatsword attacks or a at will spell and a moonlight shard attacks.
>
> ***Moonlight Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) magical Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Moonlight Thrust.*** The Caretaker thrust the blade towards a direction creating a 5-foot wide 15-foot long line of moonlight. Each creature in the area must make a DC 18 Dexterity saving throw taking 14 (4d6) Force damage or half as much on a successful save. 
>
> ***Moonlight Slash.*** The Caretaker swing the blade creating a arc of moonlight that travels in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in the area must make a DC 18 Dexterity saving throw taking 14 (4d6) Force damage or half as much on a successful save. 

___
> ## Strig Knight
>*Medium humanoid (string), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Plate)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Intimidation +3
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Strig
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> 
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The knight makes two longsword attacks.
>
> ***Longsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d10 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>

___
> ## Strig Archer
>*Medium humanoid (string), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 17 (5d8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** Acrobatics +5, Intimidation +2
> - **Senses** passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Strig
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Silent Walk.*** The strig thug has advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The archer makes two longbow attacks.
>
> ***Longbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, range 150/600 ft., one target. *Hit* 7 (1d8 + 3) Piercing damage.