# Hoffnar Quests
___
After the journey through the Hafexian Stormlands the party reaches the rocky region that is the transition between the Kings Plains and Kaur's Range. 

In this region the party will find a massive stone brick fortress encrusted in the side of the mountain known as the fortress city of **Hoffnar**.

## Hoffnar
The city-state of Hoffnar is the ancestral home of the Melmirsens, it serves as a bastion for all dwarven cities and settlements against hafexian incursions.

### Social Structure
The city-state and surrounding area of Hoffnar follow a rigid social structure in which the population is divided based on their military service to the state.

#### Residents
Residents are the majority of the population of the city. A resident is any person that resides in and around Hoffnar that hasn't served in the army or in the city guard.

Residents are unable to own property or hold any position beyond basic laborers.

#### Citizens
Citizens are the all the people that have served in the army for at least 5 years. They are given the right to own property in and around the city and are free to choose any profession.

#### VETERAN_TITLE_NAME
VETERAN_TITLE_NAME are citizens that have either completed a campaign, returned from a campaign with a severe wound or completed 25 years in the city guard or as a member of a guild.

#### Elders
Elders are the VETERAN_TITLE_NAME that have retired from service and now are eligible to hold a position in the city council.

***High Elder.*** is a member of the elders from the Melmirsen family that mediates the debates between the members of the council 

### Hoffnar Traditions
The city-state of Hoffnar is a very traditional place with a isolationist and collectivist society that 

#### Opinions on Humans
The inhabitants of Hoffnar have varying opinions on the humans that inhabit the plains...
___
***Adernians.*** are seen as sly and untrustworthy folk that are "as easy to hold as fine sand in a clenched fist"...
___
***Astorans.*** are seen as unimpressive folks for their accomplishments or as too high and mighty for their position in the world.
___
***Forossans.*** are the inheritors of the failures of elves with a useless religion and a unfocused population.
___
***Hafexians.*** are the enemy, betrayers, and worst of all liers by nature. No man with a pinch of Hafexian blood can step foot into Hoffnar and leave with its head still attached to its body.


#### Martial Rule
The laws of Hoffnar are based on a strict martial hierarchy with disputes between individuals of equal social standing being resolved though "duels til first blood".
___
***Duel Til First Blood.*** is a type of duel in which combatants fight without a helmet with the goal of inflicting a light wound on the opponents face.

> ##### NOTE: Duel Til First Blood
> Mechanically speaking the duel is a simple fight in which all attacks are considered non-lethal, unless stated otherwise, and the goal is to deal damage with one attack equal to the opponent's highest hit die size + its constitution modifier.

\page

### Clans of Hoffnar
The city has the following major clans vying for power in the council of elders.

#### Melmirsens
The Melmirsens are the descendants of the ancient Iron Lord Melmir the Fury that have established themselves as the dominant political power of the city through their martial prowess and strategic focus that helped them through generations.

Among the members of the Melmirson family the party can find the following characters:
___
***Helen Melmirsen.*** is a 4'10'' tall dwarven woman in her early 60's with a shallow black 5'o'clock shadow and a very stern face. She wears a light-blue gambeson embroidered with triumphant scenes of the most relevant members of the family.

She is a very cold and callus person that wields tradition as a club to enforce the rigid society of Hoffnar.

___
***Asmund Melmirsen.*** is a 5' tall dwarven men in his late 40's with a long greyish-brown beard and a large scar on his left eye. He wears a ornate light-blue tunic embroidered with dwarven knights locked in battle.

He is a hotheaded dog of a husband that Helen commands with a strict leash.


#### Sogard
The Sogard clan are a mercantile family that is split between Hoffnar and Havinfort that specializes in the extraction of metals from the caverns as well as the manufacturing of refined metals for manufacturing.

Among the members of the Sogard family the party can find the following characters:
___
***Per Sogard.*** is a 3'10'' tall dwarf in his early 70's with long white hair and a long braided white beard a wrinkled face and slightly cloudy eyes. He wears a checkered white and yellow tunic and a belt with a large coin pouch on his left side.
 
___
***Evy Sogard.*** is a 3'8'' tall dwarven woman in her early 70's, she has short curly white hair, a potato shaped nose and a round face with dark brown eyes.

She wears a yellow dress with a 


#### Nordmark
The Nordmark clan is a family native to Hoffnar that has specialized in woodworking and masonry as well as the extraction of wood from the surrounding valleys.

All Nordmarks have a grey birthmark on their left arm that resembles a claw mark.

Among the members of the Nordmark family the party can find the following characters:
___
***Uren Nordmark.*** is a 5' tall dwarven men with a shaved square head, long black beard adorned with silver rings, and stern dark-brown eyes.

He wears a ornate dark blue tunic, a black bear fur on his shoulders and exposed strong arms. On his waist he has a ornate mason's hammer and a ornate short sword.

___
***Heidi Nordmark.*** is a 4'4'' tall dwarven woman with long straight black hair and reddish-brown eyes. She wears a dark-blue dress and a silver fox fur pelt on her shoulders.

#### Hoem
The Hoem family is a clan of dwarves that reside in hoffnar as well as the town of Arendal <!-- Village south of Hoffnar --> and Jomfort that has dominated the transportation of goods and peoples through the mountains.

Among the members of the Hoem family the party can find the following characters:
___
***Haug Hoem.*** is a 4'7'' tall dwarven men with long blond hair and beard, green eyes and a hooked nose. He wears a checkered red and dark-brown tunic, a battleaxe on his belt.

___
***Helle Hoem.*** is a 4' tall dwarven woman with long blond hair, a dirty blond mustache and blueish-green eyes. She wears a checkered red and dark-brown dress.


#### Asper
The Asper clan is the largest agricultural and textile force on the city and surrounding area.

Among the members of the Melmirson family the party can find the following characters:
___
***Marita Asper.*** is a 3'11'' tall dwarven woman in her early 60's with a round wrinkled face, blue eyes, long white hair, and a narrow nose. She wears a very ornate green dress with gold-thread embroidery depicting fields of wheat and cotton.

___
***Ellen Asper.*** is a 4'2'' tall dwarven woman in her early 20's with a round face, light-blue eyes, long brown and a narrow nose. She wears a ornate gree dress with gold-thread embroidery depicting flowers.

___
***Olaf Asper.*** is a 4'4'' tall obese dwarven man in his late 40's with a round face, blue eyes, short brown hair and a bushy brown beard.



### Faction Quests
Each of the clans will task the party with a quest to allow the party and their allies to 

##### Faction Quests Table
| Family       | Quest                 | Reward                          |
|:-------------|:---------------------:|:--------------------------------|
| **Sogard**   | Investigate the Mines | A free item from the forges     |
| **Nordmark** | Aiding the Tradesmen  | A free stay in the Red Pine inn |
| **Hoem**     | Protect the Caravan   | Safe passage to Arendal         |


\page

## Investigate the Mines
As per the request of **Per Sogard**, the party is given the task to investigate a a mine that one week ago five miners disappeared. Ever since strange noises have come from the tunnels and no one has dared venture within.

### Characters
At the mines the party can find the following characters:

___
***Tora.*** is a 4'4'' tall dwarven woman in her late middle age with long greyish-black hair, a robust build, and weary brown eyes. She wears a simple lightblue dress with a beige shawl over it.

She is the mother of **Isak** and **Gustav**, she awaits on the entrance of the mine .


### Normal Cave
At first the party enters a simple mine that seems to be only slightly abandoned but still its full of dangers, roll on the events sequence table to determine the order of events.

##### Order of Events Table
| 1d6 | Order of Events                               |
|:---:|:----------------------------------------------|
| 1-2 | Resting Point, Deadly Cliff, Body in the Dark |
| 3-4 | Resting Point, Rocks Fall, Small Clue         |
| 5-6 | Resting Point, Narrow Passage, Small Clue     |


```
```

___
The following are the possible events that can occur while the party is traveling down the mine.
___
***Resting Point.***
The party finds a small room with beds and chests

___
***Narrow Passage.***
The party reaches a point where the cave narrows drastically, each creature creature Medium or larger must make a DC 17 Dexterity (Acrobatics) check or take 5 (2d4) Slashing damage.
___
***Rocks Fall.***
The party reaches a large chamber with various stalagmites and stalactites, as they walk through the room it shakes causing rocks to fall, each character must make a DC 15 Dexterity (Acrobatics) or Strength (Athletics) check, on a failed check the creature takes 14 (4d6) Bludgeoning damage.
___
***Deadly Cliff.***
The party reaches a underground ravine with a narrow passageway besides a 60 foot fall. Each creature must make a DC 13 Dexterity (Acrobatics) check, on a failed check the creature starts to fall but can be aided by another character. If all fails the character falls 60 feet, taking 65 (10d6) Bludgeoning damage.

If a creature survives the fall it can find a **Flame Stone Plate Ring**.

___
> ### Flame Stone Plate Ring
> A large brass ring with a square red garnet stone embossed on it.
>
>
> #### Flame Stone Plate Ring
> *Wondrous item (ring), very rare* (Attunement)
>
> ***Fire Resistance.***
> You gain resistance to fire damage.
>
> Whenever you suffer fire damage a scale like growth spreads from the finger of the ring. Breaking the attunement to this item doesn't remove the growth.
>

___
***Body in the Dark.***
The party reaches a small chamber with a body of one of the miners. He seems to have died from violent strike on his chest. With a successful DC 15 Intelligence (Investigation) check a character can determine that the miner died holding some kind of ore.

___
***Small Clue.***
The party reaches a small chamber with a small pile of strange scale-like rocks in the middle of the room. With a successful DC 17 Intelligence (Arcana) or Intelligence (Nature) check a character can determine that the scales are not naturally occurring object.

\page

### Clipoff
After a few more chambers the party reaches a narrow corridor, characters with the *Spellcasting* feature start to feel uneasy. As the party continues down their path they start to see strange mushrooms that glow with a blue hue, bright red snails, various pairs of glowing lights in the darkness.

The party then reaches a large spherical room, the ground is littered with cracked geodes and shards of gemstones and ores. In the center there's a large clay mound.

Approaching the mound awakens the **Xorn** Roll ***Initiative!***

___
***Xorn.*** are four armed, four legged creatures with a single eye on the center of their chest with a large mouth on the top of the head.

Xorns can pinpoint, by scent, the location of precious metals and stones, such as coins and gems, within 60 feet of them.

___
> ## Xorn
>*Large elemental, chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 20 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 115 (10d10 + 60)
> - **Speed** 20 ft., burrow 20 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 22 (+6) | 11 (+0) | 16 (+2) | 11 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Con +10
> - **Skills** Perception +6, Stealth +4
> - **Damage Resistances** Piercing and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Senses**  Darkvision 60 ft., Tremorsense 60 ft., Passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Terran
> - **Level** 10 *PB* +4
> ___
> ***Earth Glide.*** The xorn can burrow through non-magical, unworked earth and stone. While doing so, the xorn doesn't disturb the material it moves through.
>
> ***Stone Camouflage.*** The xorn has advantage on Dexterity (Stealth) checks made to hide in rocky terrain.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The xorn makes four slam attacks.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Bludgeoning damage. 

```
```

#### Loot
After killing or befriending the **xorn** the party can find the following items on the cave.

##### Loot Table
| 1d6 | Loot                                  |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------|
|  1  | 1 **geode**                           |
| 2-5 | 1d4 **geodes** and 1 **diamond**      |
|  6  | 1d4+1 **geodes** and 1d4 **diamonds** |
___
***Geode.*** *(250 gp)* A light-grey spherical cracked hollow rock with small crystals lining the interior.

___
***Diamond.*** *(100 gp)* A small rough transparent gemstone.

### Access to the Forge
HOFFNAR_FORGE_DESCRIPTION.

At the forge of Hoffnar each member of the party can choose one of the following rewards.

#### Reinforced Pavise
A large metal shield that can be places and used as cover.

***Pavise Shield.*** You can place this shield as a bonus action, creatures behind the shield are considered in three-quarters-cover.

***Turtleback.*** While caring this shield on your back, attacks of opportunity are made with disadvantage.


#### Great Glaive
A enlarged glaive with a large head embossed with a dwarven warrior.

| Damage        | Weight | Properties               |
|:--------------|:------:|:-------------------------|
| 2d10 Slashing |  6 lb. | Heavy, reach, two-handed |

***Unwieldy.*** You can't benefit from the Extra Attack or Multiattack features while wielding this weapon.


#### Great Warhammer
A long shafted warhammer with a large head.

| Damage           | Weight | Properties        |
|:-----------------|:------:|:------------------|
| 2d10 Bludgeoning |  6 lb. | Heavy, two-handed |

***Unwieldy.*** You can't benefit from the Extra Attack or Multiattack features while wielding this weapon.

#### Great Arrow
A quiver with 20 large arrows with heavy and powerful tips. When used in a longbow it deals an additional 1d8 Piercing but attacks are made with Strength instead of Dexterity.

#### Great Bolt
A quiver with 20 large bolts with heavy and powerful tips. When used in a heavy crossbow it deals an additional 1d10 Piercing but attacks are made with Strength instead of Dexterity.


\page

## Aiding the Tradesmen
As per the request of **Uren Nordmark**, the party is given the task to aid the masons and woodworkers of the *Horn Breakers* guild.

### Horn Breakers Guild Hall
The guild hall is a stone brick building with ornate wooden double doors and beams that depict the hard workers of the Nordmark. Within the hall the party can find a woodworking station, on the right side a masonry station and at the end of the hall there's a set of double doors that leads to the forested area behind the city.

In the woodworking station, dwarves take massive tree trunks and cut them down to planks, while other dwarves either refine this planks into pillars and beams or refining smaller pieces into furniture.

While on the masonry station, dwarves take stones of a variety of sizes and transform them into stone bricks and ornate pillars.

### Characters
At the Horn Breakers hall the party can find the following characters:

___
***Urenson Nordmark.*** is a 4'8'' dwarf in his early-middle age with strong arms a shaved square head, long black beard, and stern dark-brown eyes. He wears a simple darkblue padded tunic, leather boots and a grey cap.

___
***Asta.*** is a 4'2'' tall dwarven woman in her early 30's with strong arms, massive maine of reddish brown hair, a five o' clock shadow and dark brown eyes. She wears simple clothes under dark-blue overalls.

___
***Lunn.*** is a 5'2'' tall dwarven man in his late 30's with strong arms, short bushy but well kept dark-brown beard and hair, and a crooked nose. He wears a dark-blue tunic with a leather apron over it.


### Woodworking Station
The party can aid the woodworkers by performing a skill check. If the party accumulates 5 successes before making 3 mistakes they successfully aided the Nordmark woodworkers.


### Masonry Station
The party can aid the masons by performing a skill check. If the party accumulates 5 successes before making 3 mistakes they successfully aided the Nordmark masons.

```
```

### Reward
After completing the tasks, the party and workers from the hall head to the RedPine inn. If the party has successfully aided the workers on both workstations Ralf will pay for the parties tab.

#### Red Pine Inn
The red pine inn is a cylindrical wooden structure built on the central street of Hoffnar out of red pine wood.

##### Red Pine Menu
| Cost | Items               |
|:----:|:--------------------|
| 1 sp | Pint of ale         |
| 5 sp | Bread and soup      |
| 1 gp | Plate of stake      |
| 8 sp | Dose of dark liquor |


\page


## Protect the Caravan
As per the request of **Haug Hoem**, the party is given the task to protect a caravan of merchants headed to Arendal.
___
The caravan are a line of seven carriages with semi-circular wooden roofs, narrows slit-like windows with a double door on the back that are pulled by mountain ox.

### Characters
At the caravan the party can find the following characters.
___
***Leif Hoem.*** is a 4'10'' tall dwarf in his late 20's with long dirty-blond hair and beard, dark green eyes and a large nose. He wears simple clothes with 



### Travel Events
As the party travels trough the mountains, one of the following events can happen. Roll 1d4 to determine which even will be.

#### 1. EVENT
DESCRIPTION

#### 2-3. Derailed Cart
As the caravan is passing through a narrow section of the road that borders a cliff that leads to a pine forest, one of the carriages on the middle of the caravan snags one of its wheels on a rock and it detaches from the axil and rolls down the cliff.
___
**Search for the wheel.** The party can make a Wisdom (Survival) and a Intelligence (Investigation) check against a DC 20 to find the wheel.

___
***Improvised Wheel.*** The party can make a improvised wheel by cutting down a tree with a DC 20 Strength (Athletics) check and a DC 25 Strength or Dexterity (carpenter's Tool) check.

#### 4. EVENT
DESCRIPTION

\page

### Night Ambush
During one of the nights the party is ambushed by a group of well equipped bandits that attack the caravan from the side of the mountain while archers shoot from atop. The party must defend the caravan from the assault. ***Roll Initiative!***

##### Combat Rounds
| Round | Enemies             |
|:-----:|:--------------------|
|  1st  | 5 **dwarf bandits** |
|  2nd  | 3 **dwarf bandits** |
|  3rd  | 2 **dwarf bandits** |

#### Rain of Arrows
At initiative 20 all characters must succeed a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw or take 7 (1d8+3) piercing damage. A character adjacent to a caravan has advantage on the save.

___
***Dwarf Bandits.*** are average sized dwarves wearing old and beat up brigandines of mismatched colors, steel helmets and wield battleaxes.
___
> ## Dwarf Bandit
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Brigandine)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 10)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 17 (+3) | 12 (+1) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Intimidation +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Dwarvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The bandit makes two battleaxe attacks.
>
> ***Battleaxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d10 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>

```
```

***Jabedhaia, TITLE.*** is a 5'7'' tall man with greyish dark-brown skin, short curly greyish black hair, blood-red eyes, and fanged teeth. He wears a ornate dark-blue robe over fine linen clothes, and his hands are adorned with silver rings.

His goal is to steal *gealach* from Bovir and to show the strength of the eternal emperor Carthus, he will not attack Saladin.

___
> ## Jabedhaia
>*Medium undead (vampire), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 80 (10d8 + 40)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +0, Wis +0, Cha +0
> - **Skills** History +4, Insight +6, Persuasion +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common, Thieves Cant
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Legendary Resistance (1/Day).*** If the vampire fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
>
> ***Regeneration.*** The vampire regains 20 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Jabedhaia's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> 2/day each: *shield, counterspell*
>
> 1/day each: *insect plague*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one willing creature, or a creature that is grappled by the vampire, incapacitated, or restrained. *Hit:* 7 (1d6 + 4) Piercing damage plus 11 (3d6) Necrotic damage, and the vampire regains hit points equal to that amount.
>

\page

