# Ommel Quests
___
After the party allied its self with the Sogard family of Hoffnar and exchanged knowledge and resources they are requested by **Per Sogard**, head of the Sogard family, to investigate the nearby village of Ommel that has been quite for three days.

During the trip the party will meet a group of road bandits that have been frightened to their core by a creature of the night...

Then the party finally reaches the village, only to discover that

___
***Naryn, the Sorceress.***
is a 7'5'' tall woman with reddish-brown skin, long black hair, slitted cyan eyes,  a pair of well kept ebony horns and long silver hair her skin is snow-white with splotches of tiny crystal-like scales. She wears a ornate elven dress with bronze ornaments under a thick elk's fur coat, under the coat she hides a dragon tail with light-blue scales that is rotting just like her world.

Naryn is a strong willed woman that has been awaiting her beloved for centuries on a never changing world. She now knowns that her wish will never come true and her goal is to create a safe land for her followers as retribution for their sacrifice during the aftermath of Durin's sacrifice.

___
***Durindal, the Wise.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

After meeting Durin he has taken upon himself the task of clearing the saldrisen name.

___
***Radik.*** is a 10' tall humanoid with grey skin, massive muscular arms and chest but extremely slender vestigial legs. He wears a hide kilt and a crude steel bucket-helm and he wields Durin's hammer.

Radik is an ancient stone giant that was cast away from his clan as an infant, during his lifetime he befriended Justin Saldrisen, the last wielder of **Skirn** as well as Durindal and Ardghal Elyrsen the last hair of Irithyll. After being trapped in the dungeons of Irithyll for 600 years Radik has befriended Durin Saldrisen and currently is helping Durindal in his quest to clear the name of Durin in the eyes of his clan.

___
> ## Naryn
>*Large humanoid, chaotic good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d10 + 8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 20 (+5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +4, Cha +8
> - **Skills** Insight +3, Intimidation +8, Persuasion +8, Stealth +3
> - **Damage Resistances** Cold
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** *Draconic*, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** Naryn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *friends, message, prestidigitation*
>
> 3/day each: *alter self, enhance ability, fog cloud*
>
> 2/day each: *haste, protection from energy*
>
> 1/day each: *charm monster*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Moonlight Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (2d6 + 1) magical Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Cold Breath (1/Short rest).*** Naryn exhales frostbite in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking 14 (4d6) Cold damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
>
>

\page

## Sogard's Request
While in the care of the Sogard family **Per Sogard**, head of the family, requests the aid of the party in investigating why the nearby village of Ommel has not payed its tribute in the last three days.

As part of the request the sogard will offer a group of five knights to escort the party on their journey.

### Journey to Ommel
DESCRIBE_CARAVANS.

The party is escorted by a band of Sogard knights known as the Bronze-footed Knights, a group of veterans from the subfamilies of the clan Sogard. Accompanying the party there are the following characters:
___
***Zander Ironcloak.*** is a very rugged dwarf with an eye patch, a short but well maintained beard and three shallow scars on his face. He wears a set of full plate armor with light-blue and charcoal tassels.

Zander was a bit of a hot head, but in the last month has become a knight of the Sogard family.

___
***Bhorre, Iron Thumb.*** is a broad-shouldered dwarven man with a round face, large beard, bald head and deep green eyes. He wears.

___
***Svenn .*** DESCRIBE.

___
***Thea Spearmaiden.*** DESCRIBE.

___
***Torleif.*** is.

He wields a worn crossbow

#### Journey
DESCRIBE_JOURNEY

##### Road Encounters
| 1d8 | Encounter |
|:---:|:----------|
|  1  | 1 **air elemental** |
| 2-3 | A group of pilgrims headed to Havinfort |
| 4-5 | 1d4+2 **orcs** |
| 6-7 | A herbalist searching the side of the road for mushrooms |
|  8  | BANDITS |

\page

#### Broken Bandits
After a couple of days on the road the party crosses paths with three heavily damaged wagons parked on the side of the road and the members of the caravan either visually or mentally scared.

The members of the caravan are members of the Blood-eyes, a notorious group of highwaymen that have been declared exiled from any and all dwarven cities. They have crossed paths with a "creature of the night" that has reduced their numbers to only a handful...

___
***Bandit.*** are low-life dwarves that have for some reason or another have joined a group of bandits. They normally wear light armor and wield simple weapons to attack defenseless caravans.

___
> ## Bandit
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), chaotic neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 32 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) |
>___
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Intimidation +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Dwarvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Shortsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Light Crossbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +2 to hit, range 80/320 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d8) Piercing damage. 

```
```

#### Night of the Shadows
One night of the journey

___
> ## Shadow
>*Medium undead, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13
> - **Hit Points** 8 (1d8)
> - **Speed** 0 ft. 30 ft. Fly (Hover)
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  6 (-2) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Skills** stealth +5
> - **Damage Vulnerabilities** Radiant
> - **Damage Immunities** Bludgeoning, Piercing and Slashing from non-magical attacks
> - **Damage Resistances** Necrotic
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Frightened, Grappled, Paralyzed, Petrified, Poisoned, Prone, Restrained
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Abyssal
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
> ***Amorphous.*** The shadow can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing.
>
> ***Shadow Stealth.*** While in dim light or darkness, the shadow can take the Hide action as a bonus action.
>
> ***Sunlight Weakness.*** While in sunlight, the shadow has disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Strength Drain.*** Melee Weapon Attack: +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one creature. Hit: 9 (2d6 + 2) Necrotic damage, and the target's Strength score is reduced by 1d4. The target dies if this reduces its Strength to 0. Otherwise, the reduction lasts until the target finishes a long rest.
>
> If a humanoid dies from this attack, a new shadow rises from the corpse 1d4 hours later.
>

\page

### Village of Ommel
The village of Ommel is a small trading outpost turned village located in the middle of the roc's road. The village is surrounded by a simple but sturdy cobblestone wall and within it the party can find the following structures.

#### Trading Hall
The central building of the village, the trading hall is a long cobblestone building with massive wooden double doors on either end of the buildings.

Within the party can find various docks with crates of various products.

#### Smith's House
The smith's house is a large 

#### The Stone Palm Inn
The Stone Palm inn is a large cobblestone and wooden building near the center of the village, within the party can find a dark room illuminated by candles with various round tables.

The party can find the following characters within the inn.

___
***Baldrin.*** Is a middle-aged dwarven man with a long and messy greyish-brown hair and beard, sunken eyes and a thick unibrow. He wears simple clothes stained with beer and only carries a simple bollock dagger.

He is the innkeeper of the Stone Palm but recently he has been Charmed by **Jabedhaia** into believing that the village is operating normally.

### Ambush at Ommel
The party is ambushed by...

| Difficulty | Encounter                                 |
|:----------:|:------------------------------------------|
| Easy       | **Jabedhaia** and 1d4+2 **vampire spawn** |
| Medium     | **Jabedhaia** and 1d4+4 **vampire spawn** |
| Hard       | **Jabedhaia** and 1d4+6 **vampire spawn** |
| Very Hard  | **Jabedhaia** and 1d4+8 **vampire spawn** |

> ##### Vampire Weaknesses 
> Vampires have the following flaws: 
> - *Forbiddance.* Vampires can't enter a residence without an invitation from one of the occupants.
> - *Harmed by Running Water.* Vampires takes 20 Acid damage when they end their turn in running water. 
> - *Stake to the Heart.* Vampires are destroyed if a piercing weapon made of wood is driven into its heart while it is incapacitated in its resting place. 
> - *Sunlight Hypersensitivity.* Vampires takes 20 radiant damage when they starts their turn in sunlight. While in sunlight, they have disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks.
>

\page

___
***Vampire Spawn.*** The vampire spawns of Ommel are dwarves that have been turned by Jabedhaia the Nightwind.

___
> ## Vampire Spawn
>*Medium undead (dwarf), neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 37 (5d8 + 15)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 16 (+3) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +6, Wis +3
> - **Skills** Perception +3, Stealth +6
> - **Damage Resistances** Necrotic
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Dwarvish
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The vampire regains 10 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The vampire makes two attacks, only one of which can be a bite attack. 
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one willing creature, or a creature that is grappled by the vampire, incapacitated, or restrained. *Hit:* 6 (1d6 + 3) Piercing damage plus 11 (3d6) Necrotic damage, and the vampire regains hit points equal to that amount.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d4 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>


```
```

___
***Jabedhaia, Nightwind.*** is a 5'7'' tall man with greyish dark-brown skin, short curly greyish black hair, blood-red eyes, and fanged teeth. He wears a ornate dark-blue robe over fine linen clothes, and his hands are adorned with silver rings.

His goal is to steal *gealach* from Bovir and to show the strength of the eternal emperor Carthus, he will not attack Saladin.

___
> ## Jabedhaia
>*Medium undead (vampire), lawful evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 16 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 80 (10d8 + 40)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 18 (+4) | 15 (+2) | 18 (+4) | 16 (+3) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +8, Wis +8, Cha +7
> - **Skills** History +4, Insight +6, Persuasion +5
> - **Damage Resistances** Necrotic; Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing From non-magical Attacks
> - **Senses** passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common, Thieves Cant
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Legendary Resistance (1/Day).*** If the vampire fails a saving throw, it can choose to succeed instead.
>
> ***Regeneration.*** The vampire regains 20 hit points at the start of its turn if it has at least 1 hit point and isn't in sunlight or running water. If the vampire takes radiant damage or damage from holy water, this trait doesn't function at the start of the vampire's next turn.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The vampire can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The Jabedhaia's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> 2/day each: *shield, counterspell*
>
> 1/day each: *insect plague*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 5 ft., one willing creature, or a creature that is grappled by the vampire, incapacitated, or restrained. *Hit:* 7 (1d6 + 4) Piercing damage plus 11 (3d6) Necrotic damage, and the vampire regains hit points equal to that amount.
>

\page

## Ommel's Dawn 
After fending off the ambush by the vampire Jabedhaia and its vampire spawn and even reviving Jabedhaia back as a human, the village of Ommel is freed from the shackles of the vampire's charm.

___
***Jabedhaia*** After returning to the world of the living he has the following important information to share with the party:
- The vampire lord Carthus has used him to create a network of spies throughout the adernian dunes.
- He was sent after the party to steel gealach and other vampires are searching for powerful artifacts throughout the world.
- While under Carthus control he became a sorcerer and charmed the village, at dawn he will most likely be hunted by the villagers.

### Mob of Villagers
Begging at dawn the villagers that awakened begin to congregate near the center of the village to discuss the events of the last weeks. If any of the villagers spot Jabedhaia a mob will form around him.

> ##### Mob Rule 
> Each party member must take an action to calm down the crowd. If the party accumulates four successes before two failures the mob calms down, otherwise **roll initiative!**
>
> | Difficulty | Encounter                    |
> |:----------:|:-----------------------------|
> | Easy       | 1d4 + 1 **Mob of Villagers** |
> | Medium     | 1d4 + 2 **Mob of Villagers** |
> | Hard       | 1d4 + 4 **Mob of Villagers** |
> | Very Hard  | 1d4 + 6 **Mob of Villagers** |
>

```
```
___
***Mob of Villagers.*** are a mob of dwarven villagers that have armed themselves with farm tools, simple slings, bottles and torches.

___
> ## Mob of Villagers
>*Huge swarm of humanoid (dwarf), lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 10
> - **Hit Points** 76 (9d12 + 18)
> - **Speed** 10 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Skills** *Intimidation* +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60ft., passive Perception 00
> - **Languages** Dwarvish
> - **Level** 1 **PB** +2
> ___
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The villagers make three attacks
>
> ***Pitchfork.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d6 + 1) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Torch.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +1 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 1 Bludgeoning damage plus 3 (1d6) Fire damage. 
>
> ***Sling.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +2 to hit, range 30/120 ft., one target. *Hit* 2 (1d4) Bludgeoning damage.

#### Village Aftermath
After either talking down or battling with the villagers, the party can restock their supplies and gain the following information if they didn't kill all villagers.
- The 

\page

\page

# Appendix: Statblocks

___
***Air Elemental.*** are hard to see creatures composed of a swarm of transparent sprits that live in the air.
___
> ## Air Elemental
>*Large elemental, neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15
> - **Hit Points** 75 (10d10 + 20)
> - **Speed** 0 ft. fly 90 ft. (hover)
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 14 (+2) | 20 (+5) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +11
> - **Damage Immunities** Poison; Bludgeoning, Piercing, and Slashing From non-magical Attacks
> - **Damage Resistances** Lightning; Thunder; 
> - **Condition Immunities** Exhaustion, Grappled, Paralyzed, Petrified, Poisoned, Prone, Restrained, Unconscious
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** Auran
> - **Level** 10 **PB** +4
> ___
> ***Air Form.*** The elemental can enter a hostile creature's space and stop there. It can move through a space as narrow as 1 inch wide without squeezing.
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The elemental makes two slam attacks.
>
> ***Slam.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +11 to hit, reach 15 ft., one target. *Hit* 14 (2d8 + 5) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Whirlwind (Recharge 4-6).*** Each creature in the elemental's space must make a DC 13 Strength saving throw. On a failure, a target takes 15 (3d8 + 2) Bludgeoning damage and is flung up 20 feet away from the elemental in a random direction and knocked prone. If a thrown target strikes an object, such as a wall or floor, the target takes 3 (1d6) Bludgeoning damage for every 10 feet it was thrown. If the target is thrown at another creature, that creature must succeed on a DC 13 Dexterity saving throw or take the same damage and be knocked prone. If the saving throw is successful, the target takes half the Bludgeoning damage and isn't flung away or knocked prone.
>

```
```

___
***Orc.*** are large humanoid monsters with greyish-green skin, short corse black or brown hair, eyes that can see in the dark and large tusks protruding from their lower mouths.

Most orcs wear improvised armor made from animal hide and wield crude weapons made of raw iron and bone.

___
> ## Orc
>*Medium monstrosity, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Hide)
> - **Hit Points** 36 (5d8 + 10)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Con +5
> - **Skills** *Athletics* +9, Intimidation +2
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Orc
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Relentless (1/day).*** When the orc is reduced to 0 hit points, it can drop to 1 hit point instead.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The orc makes two weapon attacks
>
> ***Greataxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d12 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Javelin.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, range 30/120 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d6 + 3) Piercing damage. 
