# Halden Quests
___
After a hard journey through the mountains from Hoffnar, then Arendal, the party reaches the outskirts of the town of Halden.

___
***Naryn, the Sorceress.***
is a 7'5'' tall woman with reddish-brown skin, long black hair, slitted cyan eyes,  a pair of well kept ebony horns and long silver hair her skin is snow-white with splotches of tiny crystal-like scales. She wears a ornate elven dress with bronze ornaments under a thick elk's fur coat, under the coat she hides a dragon tail with light-blue scales that is rotting just like her world.

Naryn is a strong willed woman that has been awaiting her beloved for centuries on a never changing world. She now knowns that her wish will never come true and her goal is to create a safe land for her followers as retribution for their sacrifice during the aftermath of Durin's sacrifice.

___
***Durindal, the Wise.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

After meeting Durin he has taken upon himself the task of clearing the saldrisen name.

___
***Radik.*** is a 10' tall humanoid with grey skin, massive muscular arms and chest but extremely slender vestigial legs. He wears a hide kilt and a crude steel bucket-helm and he wields Durin's hammer.

Radik is an ancient stone giant that was cast away from his clan as an infant, during his lifetime he befriended Justin Saldrisen, the last wielder of **Skirn** as well as Durindal and Ardghal Elyrsen the last hair of Irithyll. After being trapped in the dungeons of Irithyll for 600 years Radik has befriended Durin Saldrisen and currently is helping Durindal in his quest to clear the name of Durin in the eyes of his clan.

___
> ## Naryn
>*Large humanoid, chaotic good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d10 + 8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 20 (+5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +4, Cha +8
> - **Skills** Insight +3, Intimidation +8, Persuasion +8, Stealth +3
> - **Damage Resistances** Cold
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** *Draconic*, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** Naryn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *friends, message, prestidigitation*
>
> 3/day each: *alter self, enhance ability, fog cloud*
>
> 2/day each: *haste, protection from energy*
>
> 1/day each: *charm monster*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Moonlight Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (2d6 + 1) magical Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Cold Breath (1/Short rest).*** Naryn exhales frostbite in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking 14 (4d6) Cold damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
>
>

\page

## Journey to Halden
After vanquishing the vampire ambush and rescuing Jabedhaia from the control of Carthus the vampire lord, the party gathers the necessary supplies to continue their journey to the town of Halden.

##### Jabedhaia's Wisdom
During the two years that he was under the control of Carthus he was forced to become a sorcerer as well as the vampire's spy master. During this time he discovered the following information:
- A ebony sphinx has established itself as the underground lord of Shidai and has been fighting Carthus from the shadows.
- The elves of Elyria have started a war with Silvaris and the dragon cult.
- TODO

\page

### Warrior from a Distant Land
As they are traveling through the mountain valley road they will cross paths with a man from a distant land locked in battle with a pack of trolls.

##### Encounter Difficulty
| Difficulty | Encounter |
|:----------:|:----------|
| Easy       | 1 **alpha troll** and 1d4+1 **trolls** |
| Medium     | 1 **alpha troll** and 1d4+2 **trolls** |
| Hard       | 1 **alpha troll** and 1d4+3 **trolls** |
| Very Hard  | 1 **alpha troll** and 1d4+4 **trolls** |

___
***Trolls.*** are a medium black-furred ape like creature with a strange pale leathery face covered in small growths a pair of yellow menacing eyes, and sharp stone-like teeth.

___
> ## Troll
>*Medium giant, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 15 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 51 (5d8 + 25)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 13 (+1) | 20 (+5) |  7 (-2) |  9 (-1) |  7 (-2) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Con +8
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 9
> - **Level** 5 Elite **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The troll regains 10 hit points at the start of its turn. If the troll takes acid or fire damage, this trait doesn't function at the start of the troll's next turn. The troll dies only if it starts its turn with 0 hit points and doesn't regenerate.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The troll makes two attacks with its claws.
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (2d4 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

```
```
___
***Alpha Troll.*** is a large black-furred ape like creature with a strange pale leathery face covered in small growths a pair of yellow menacing eyes, and sharp stone-like teeth.

___
> ## Alpha Troll
>*Large giant, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 18 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 120 (8d10 + 40)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) | 13 (+1) | 20 (+5) |  7 (-2) |  9 (-1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +7, Con +8
> - **Skills** Perception +2, Intimidation +7
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 12
> - **Level** 8 Major **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Regeneration.*** The troll regains 16 hit points at the start of its turn. If the troll takes acid or fire damage, this trait doesn't function at the start of the troll's next turn. The troll dies only if it starts its turn with 0 hit points and doesn't regenerate.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The alpha troll makes three attacks: one with its bite and two with its claws.
>
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d6 + 4) Piercing damage. 
>
> ***Claw.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +7 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (2d4 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>
> ### Legendary Actions
> The alpha troll can take 1 legendary actions, choosing from the options below. Only one legendary action option can be used at a time and only at the end of another creature’s turn. The alpha regains spent legendary actions at the start of their turn.
>
> ***Frightful Roar.*** The alpha troll roars, each creature of the alpha's choice that is within 120 ft. of the dragon and aware of it must succeed on a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened for 1 minute. A creature can repeat the saving throw at the end of each of its turns, ending the effect on itself on a success. If a creature's saving throw is successful or the effect ends for it, the creature is immune to the alphas's Frightful Roar for the next 24 hours.
>

\page

## Town of Halden
The town of Halden is a large dwarven settlement built on the side of the mountain that faces the hills on the edge of Kaur's Range.

The town is ruled by the Varland family, and ancient lineage of dwarves...

### Factions 
The following are the major factions of the town of Halden.

#### Varland Family
The lords of Halden, the family Varland are a long lineage of dwarven nobles that have ruled the town since it was but a small village on the side of the mountain.


#### Mason Guild
The Mason guild of Halden is a large institution of masons that work extracting marble from the quarries of the mountain and sculpting them into valuable statues, columns, and other decorative pieces. The guild is composed of around 500 dwarves with the majority being quarry workers a large sum being masons.

As a result the guild has become the second most powerful faction in the town, behind the Varland family.


#### Carpenters Guild
The third largest faction of Halden, the carpenters guild is responsible for all firewood, furniture as well as construction wood for the town and nearby region. The guild is composed of 200 dwarves with the majority being lumbermen, woodworkers, and or woodcarvers.

Despite their frequent fights, the carpenters guild and the masons guild often work together in the towns and region projects.


#### Monster Hunters Guild
The newest guild of the town, the monster hunters guild was founded one year ago as a response to the rise of monsters on the mines, roads, and forests. The guild is composed of around 50 dwarves with only 20-ish being hunters and the remaining working to support the hunters.

```
```

### Locations
The following are the most relevant locations of the town of Halden.

#### Varland Keep
A castle built within the halls inside the mountain of Halden, the keep is an impenetrable fortress that serves as the seat of power of the town for hundreds of years.

___
***Torbjørn Varland the 3rd.*** is a joyful eyed dwarf in his early 60's with a massive greyish-black beard adorned with silver and gold rings, long back-swept hair and a hooked nose. He wears a charcoal tunic embroidered with silver thread.

He is the lord of Halden and the head of Varland family as were his forefathers before. But differently then his father he has kept his joyful spirit despite adverse circumstances.

___
***Edith Varland.*** is a shy dwarf woman in her late 50's with a five'o clock shadow, long braided brown hair and blue eyes. She wears a ornate charcoal dress with 

#### Hall of Statues
The guild hall of the Masons guild, the Hall of Statues is a stone building near the oldest quarry of the town with walls covered with various statues depicting guild members and important events of the town.


#### Langbord Hall
The Langbord is a large rectangular wooden house just outside of the mountain side made of massive logs with a brick roof. Within the hall theres a long table where it is said that all members can sit with comfort regardless of their 


#### The Arena
The arena is an old theater on the edge of town that has been repurposed by the Monster Hunters guild as a training ground. On the middle of the theater there's a wooden structure in the shape of a monster as well as various dummies. 

___
***Tormod Varland.*** is a joyful dwarf in his early 20's with a large black beard adorned with iron rings, short black hair and a hooked nose. He wears a simple green tunic most of the time but while hunting he wears a terracotta hide armor (xorn hide armor) and wields a massive greataxe.

He is the youngest but favorite grandson of lord Torbjørn, he is brash but clever and a good if inexperienced leader.

___
***Helle Nohr.*** is a young dwarven woman in her early 20's with long brown messy hair, a five'o clock shadow, and green eyes. She wears simple clothes under a heavy duty leather apron and she carries a toolbox with an over the shoulder strap.

She is the tinkerer of the Arena and the right-hand woman of Tormod. Her role is to create the equipment for the hunters to train as well as deign weapons and armors and finding craftsmen to make them for the guild.

\page

## Journey to Jomfort
After joining the members of the Monster Hunter's Guild of Halden and Torbjørn Varland the 3rd, the party has a rare opportunity to indulge in a noblemen's banquet and a good nights rest.

As morning rises the party is woken up by a mob of dwarven townsmen surrounding the Arena while the members of the monster hunters guild attempt to maintain the mob at bay.

The townsfolk are protesting that the monsters under the party are a bad omen and a risk to Halden. The PCs must find a way to solve the situation.
___
After the mob is appeased, **Tormod Varland** will offer the party two options either continue their journey through Armura's Path to Jomfort, a long road with few settlements that will force the party to hunt in the mountains, or they can head to the town of Essen, where Tormod has a friend that goes by the name of Rudi Lunn.

### Armura's Path
If the party decides to follow Armura's Path they must make a DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) to determine how hard their voyage will be.

On a success the DC for checks to aid in their voyage is 13 while on a failure the DC becomes 17.

### Journey to Essen
If the party decides to follow Tormod's idea and head to Essen, they will be given some directions as well as a hawk will be sent to Rudi Lunn before their arrival.

The party then has to make a DC 15 Wisdom (Survival) to determine what encounter the players will come across.

#### Nomad Herder and its sheep
If the party succeeds they will just come across **Ivan** a nomad herder and its (2d12+6) **sheep**. 

```
```

#### Phase Spider's Passing
If the party fails their check they reach a narrow passing in between the hills on the edge of the mountains.

##### Encounter
| Difficulty | Encounter               |
|:----------:|:------------------------|
| Easy       | 1d2+1 **phase spiders** |
| Medium     | 1d4+1 **phase spiders** |
| Hard       | 1d4+2 **phase spiders** |
| Very Hard  | 1d6+3 **phase spiders** |

___
***Phase Spider.*** are large grey spiders with dark-blue streaks on its body and around its four black eyes. Phase spiders are ambush predators that can enter into the lowest layers of the Astral world in order to become intangible to normal creatures.

___
> ## Phase Spider
>*Large monstrosity, unaligned*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 37 (5d10 + 5)
> - **Speed** 30 ft., climb 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 15 (+2) | 12 (+1) |  6 (-2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +5
> - **Skills** Stealth +5
> - **Senses** passive Perception 10
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Ethereal Jaunt.*** As a bonus action, the spider can magically shift from the Material Plane to the Ethereal Plane, or vice versa.
>
> ***Spider Climb.*** The spider can climb difficult surfaces, including upside down on ceilings, without needing to make an ability check.
>
> ***Web Walker.*** The spider ignores movement restrictions caused by webbing.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage plus 22 (4d10) Poison damage. And the target must succeed on a DC 11 Constitution saving throw or be Poisoned.
>

\page


## Essen
Essen is a walled town with a mixed population of mostly humans and dwarves that live in between the kingdom of Hafexia and the city-state of Jomfort.

### Factions
The following are the major factions of the town of Essen.

#### Conclave
The Conclave is a oligarchy of the heads of the mercantile families that rule the town through a parliament.

#### Silver Guard
The Silver guard are a brigade of guardsmen that patrol and protect the homes of the members of the conclave and most important buildings of the town.

#### Perfumers
The Perfumers of Essen are a guild of perfume makers that are the most prestigious guild of the town due to the smell that rises from the swamp.

#### FACTION_NAME

### Locations
The following are the most notable locations of the town of Essen.

#### Conclave Palace
The Conclave Palace is a inner castle of the town of Essen where the members of the conclave can 

#### Greenhouse
The greenhouse is a large mansion turned guild hall with a greenhouse annexed to it that is the base of operations for the Perfumers of Essen

___
***Rudi Lunn.*** is a 4'6'' tall dwarven man with short black hair a long braided beard, pale skin, green eyes and a potato shaped nose. He wears fancy clothes with a silver brooch in the shape of a rose.

He is a alchemist and perfumer that is searching for a dark-purple flower that he saw and smelled during his sleep.


#### Sweet Stone Tavern
The Sweet Stone Tavern is a large two floor building with the first floor made of cobblestone and the second floor made of wood.


\page


##