# Halden Quests
___
After a hard journey through the mountains from Hoffnar, then Arendal, the party reaches the outskirts of the town of Halden.

___
***Naryn, the Sorceress.***
is a 7'5'' tall woman with reddish-brown skin, long black hair, slitted cyan eyes,  a pair of well kept ebony horns and long silver hair her skin is snow-white with splotches of tiny crystal-like scales. She wears a ornate elven dress with bronze ornaments under a thick elk's fur coat, under the coat she hides a dragon tail with light-blue scales that is rotting just like her world.

Naryn is a strong willed woman that has been awaiting her beloved for centuries on a never changing world. She now knowns that her wish will never come true and her goal is to create a safe land for her followers as retribution for their sacrifice during the aftermath of Durin's sacrifice.

___
***Durindal, the Wise.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

After meeting Durin he has taken upon himself the task of clearing the saldrisen name.

___
***Radik.*** is a 10' tall humanoid with grey skin, massive muscular arms and chest but extremely slender vestigial legs. He wears a hide kilt and a crude steel bucket-helm and he wields Durin's hammer.

Radik is an ancient stone giant that was cast away from his clan as an infant, during his lifetime he befriended Justin Saldrisen, the last wielder of **Skirn** as well as Durindal and Ardghal Elyrsen the last hair of Irithyll. After being trapped in the dungeons of Irithyll for 600 years Radik has befriended Durin Saldrisen and currently is helping Durindal in his quest to clear the name of Durin in the eyes of his clan.

___
> ## Naryn
>*Large humanoid, chaotic good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d10 + 8)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 12 (+1) | 10 (+0) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) | 11 (+0) | 20 (+5) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Con +4, Cha +8
> - **Skills** Insight +3, Intimidation +8, Persuasion +8, Stealth +3
> - **Damage Resistances** Cold
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 10
> - **Languages** *Draconic*, Elvish
> - **Level** 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** Naryn's innate spellcasting ability is Charisma (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *friends, message, prestidigitation*
>
> 3/day each: *alter self, enhance ability, fog cloud*
>
> 2/day each: *haste, protection from energy*
>
> 1/day each: *charm monster*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Moonlight Greatsword.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 0 (2d6 + 1) magical Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Cold Breath (1/Short rest).*** Naryn exhales frostbite in a 15-foot cone. Each creature in that area must make a DC 12 Constitution saving throw, taking 14 (4d6) Cold damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
>
>

\page

## PRE_TOWN_TITLE
After vanquishing 

### (1) ENCOUNTER_F_NAME


### (2-4) ENCOUNTER_D_NAME


### (5-6) ENCOUNTER_B_NAME


\page

## Town of Halden
The town of Halden is a large dwarven settlement built on the side of the mountain that faces the hills on the edge of Kaur's Range.

CONTINUE

### Factions 
The following are the major factions of the town of Halden.


#### Mason Guild

#### Carpenters Guild

### Locations
The following are the most relevant locations of the town of Halden.

#### MASON_GUILD_HALL_NAME


#### CARPENTER_GUILD_HALL_NAME