# Eldunhall Approach
___
After a grueling journey through the king's road, the party reaches the outskirts of the city-state of Eldunhall. The area is a an arid hilled terrain with few settlements.



#### Characters
The following are the major NPCs in the party.
___
***Naryn, the Sorceress.***
is a 7'5'' tall woman with reddish-brown skin, long black hair, slitted cyan eyes,  a pair of well kept ebony horns and long silver hair her skin is snow-white with splotches of tiny crystal-like scales. She wears a ornate elven dress with bronze ornaments under a thick elk's fur coat, under the coat she hides a dragon tail with light-blue scales that is rotting just like her world.

Naryn is a strong willed woman that has been awaiting her beloved for centuries on a never changing world. She now knowns that her wish will never come true and her goal is to create a safe land for her followers as retribution for their sacrifice during the aftermath of Durin's sacrifice.

___
***Durindal, the Wise.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

After meeting Durin he has taken upon himself the task of clearing the saldrisen name.

___
***Radik.*** is a 10' tall humanoid with grey skin, massive muscular arms and chest but extremely slender vestigial legs. He wears a hide kilt and a crude steel bucket-helm and he wields Durin's hammer.

Radik is an ancient stone giant that was cast away from his clan as an infant, during his lifetime he befriended Justin Saldrisen, the last wielder of **Skirn** as well as Durindal and Ardghal Elyrsen the last hair of Irithyll. After being trapped in the dungeons of Irithyll for 600 years Radik has befriended Durin Saldrisen and currently is helping Durindal in his quest to clear the name of Durin in the eyes of his clan.

\page

## Settlement of Bergen
As the party travels through the hills a long column of dark smoke coming from a settlement in the distance.
___
If the party approaches the settlement they will start to hear the sound of battle and monsters.

#### Orc Raid


##### Orc Raid Table
| Difficulty | Encounter                                                |
|:----------:|:---------------------------------------------------------|
| Medium     | 1 **orc chieftain**, 1 **orc shaman** and 1d4+4 **orcs** |
| Hard       | 1 **orc chieftain**, 2 **orc shaman** and 1d4+4 **orcs** |
| Very Hard  | 1 **orc chieftain**, 2 **orc shaman** and 1d4+6 **orcs** |


### Locations
After defending the settlement from the orcs the party can find the following notable locations and characters in the Bergen.

#### Longhouse
The Longhouse is a large rectangular building on the center of the settlement that serves as both a center to trade goods with travelers as well as the center of decision making of the settlement.

Within it the party can find the following characters.

___
***Olaf Sorem.*** is a tall dwarf in his late 30's with a medium curly dark-brown beard and hair, brown eyes, and a narrow nose. He wears fine clothes and carries a mercantile ledger while in the Longhouse.

He is the current governor of Bergen and as so he is responsible for the trade of goods between the settlement, outsiders and the city of Eldunhall.


#### Brodmaskin House
The Brodmaskin is a large two story tall house with the first floor being a cobblestone walled bakery while the second floor is a wooden house for the baker family.

Within this building the players can find the following characters.

___
***Iver Brodmann.*** is a chubby dwarven man in his early 50's with a long light-brown beard, a bald head, dark blue eyes and a bushy pair of brows. He wears simple clothes and a well worn apron.

He is a kind dwarven man that was exiled from the city of Eldunhall after a streak of bad luck with infested breads.

___
***Unna Brodmann.*** is a chubby dwarven woman in her late 40's with long braided dark-brown hair, a five'o clock shadow, brown eyes and a round nose. She wears simple clothes and a well worn apron.

She is Iver's wife and a very talented baker that believes in his husband.

___
***Alma.*** is a slender dwarven woman in her late 20's with long dark-brown hair, dark-blue eyes, a pair of bushy brows and a round nose. She wears a simple dress.

Alam is the daughter of Iver and Unna, she is currently visiting her parents but she will return to Eldunhall in a couple of days.


#### Jernhus
Jernhus is a cobblestone half-dome building with 


#### Black Oak Inn
The Black Oak is a large two stories tall building next to the Longhouse with stables and a dining hall on the first floor and rooms on the second floor.

Within this building the players can find the following characters.

___
***Nelly Abel.*** is a dwarven woman in her early 30's with long reddish-brown hair, dark-brown eyes and a narrow nose. She wears fine clothes in the form of a green dress.

She is the owner of the inn, bar tender, and lover of Olaf Sorem.

___
***Frank Abel.*** is a large dwarven man in his mid 30's with long black beard and hair, dark-brown eyes, and a large nose. He wears simple clothes with food stains.

He is the husband to Nelly and the cook of the inn.

\page

## Durindal's Vision
Durindal has been plagued by cloudy visions of his next steps and he needs the party's help to clear its sight. Todo so he needs the party's help him with a ritual under the starlight.

### Preparations
To prepare for its ritual Durindal will require a relatively isolated location, some dried up herbs and a ritual circle to be carved into the ground.

The party can assist Durindal by helping him solve each one of his requirements. To do so each character can either make a skill check or aid another on it. With a successful DC 15 check the rituals DC will decrease by 1 while for each failure the DC rituals DC will increase by 1.

### Starlight Ritual



\page

# Appendix A: Encounters

## Orc Raid

___
***Orc Chieftain.*** is a larger orc with a long black beard, a large unibrow, sunken dark eyes and a pair of long tusks coming out of its lower jaw.

The chieftain wears a crude hide armor and a wolf-pelt cape and wields a large greataxe.

___
> ## Orc Chieftain
>*Medium humanoid(orc), chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Hide Armor)
> - **Hit Points** 81 (9d10 + 27)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 19 (+4) | 13 (+1) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 14 (+2) | 13 (+1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +8, Con +7, Wis +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +8, Intimidation +8, Perception +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 16
> - **Languages** Orcish
> - **Level** 9 PB +4
> ___
> ***Reckless Attack.*** At the start of its turn, the chieftain can gain advantage on all melee weapon attack rolls during that turn, but attack rolls against it have advantage until the start of its next turn.
>
> ***Rage (2/Day).*** The chieftain enters a rage that lasts for one minute, ending early if the chieftain is knocked unconscious, incapacitated, or fails to make an attack roll or take damage on its turn. While raging, it has advantage on Strength ability checks and saving throws; resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage; and +2 to damage rolls of melee weapon attacks.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The Orc chieftain makes three melee attacks, one of which is a kick attack.
>
> ***Greataxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (1d12 + 5) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Kick.*** *Improvised Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (5d1) Bludgeoning damage. And the target must make a DC 13 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone.
>

```
```

___
***Orc Shaman.*** are orcs that wield powerful primal magics to fight. They wear

___
> ## Orc Shaman
>*Medium humanoid(orc), chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11
> - **Hit Points** 62 (9d8 + 18)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 15 (+2) | 12 (+1) | 14 (+2) |  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Wis +7
> - **Skills** Nature +3, Perception +7
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 17
> - **Languages** Orcish
> - **Level** 9 PB +4
> ___
> ***Innate Spellcasting.*** The shaman's innate spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 15, +7 to hit with spell attacks). It can innately cast the following spells, requiring no material components.
>
> At will: *shillelagh, thunderclap*
>
> 3/day each: *faerie fire, healing word*
>
> 2/day each: *barkskin, heat metal*
>
> 1/day each: *call lightning*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Greatclub.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (1d8 + 2) Bludgeoning damage. 
>

\page

___
***Orc.*** are green skinned humanoids with brutish frames tusk and sunken eyes. They wear crude hide armor and wield battleaxes

___
> ## Orc
>*Medium humanoid(orc), chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Hide armor)
> - **Hit Points** 41 (5d8 + 15)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 12 (+1) | 16 (+3) |  8 (-1) | 13 (+1) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +6, Con +6
> - **Skills** Athletics +6, Intimidation +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 11
> - **Languages** Orcish
> - **Level** 5 PB +3
> ___
> ***FEATURE.*** FEATURE DESCRIPTION
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The orc makes two battleaxe attacks.
>
> ***Battleaxe.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 8 (1d10 + 3) Slashing damage. 
>

