# Birchtown Quests
___
After traveling many many miles from the northern reaches of Kaur's Range the party reached the outskirts of Eldunhall. 

There the party defended a small settlement from an orc raiding party, met some of the folks that live in the village and went to a nearby cave to investigate the origin of the orcs.
___
In the cave the party discovered that the cave was enchanted by the body of a dwarven man that was left there to die. In the presence of this body the party had a series of visions.

___
As a result of this visions the party has rallied behind the decision of Durindal of investigating what is happening in Birchtown.

#### Characters
The following are the major NPCs in the party.
___
***Naryn, the Sorceress.***
is a 7'5'' tall woman with reddish-brown skin, long black hair, slitted cyan eyes,  a pair of well kept ebony horns and long silver hair her skin is snow-white with splotches of tiny crystal-like scales. She wears a ornate elven dress with bronze ornaments under a thick elk's fur coat, under the coat she hides a dragon tail with light-blue scales that is rotting just like her world.

Naryn is a strong willed woman that has been awaiting her beloved for centuries on a never changing world. She now knowns that her wish will never come true and her goal is to create a safe land for her followers as retribution for their sacrifice during the aftermath of Durin's sacrifice.

___
***Durindal, the Wise.*** is a 5' tall beardless dwarf with long braided black hair that wears a long fur coat made of patches of fur from different animals and a large brimmed dark blue hat.

Durindal was one an Arrynsen and advisor of Justein Saldrisen but revoked his own name after he aided the Saldrisen to escape the battlefield with the elves in order to help Ardghal Elyrsen to forge a mirror into this painted world.

After meeting Durin he has taken upon himself the task of clearing the saldrisen name.

___
***Radik.*** is a 10' tall humanoid with grey skin, massive muscular arms and chest but extremely slender vestigial legs. He wears a hide kilt and a crude steel bucket-helm and he wields Durin's hammer.

Radik is an ancient stone giant that was cast away from his clan as an infant, during his lifetime he befriended Justin Saldrisen, the last wielder of **Skirn** as well as Durindal and Ardghal Elyrsen the last hair of Irithyll. After being trapped in the dungeons of Irithyll for 600 years Radik has befriended Durin Saldrisen and currently is helping Durindal in his quest to clear the name of Durin in the eyes of his clan.

___
> ## Durindal
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), lawful good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 11 (Reinforced Gambeson)
> - **Hit Points** 54 (8d6 + 24)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) | 16 (+3) | 20 (+5) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Int +8, Wis +5
> - **Skills** Arcana +8, Insight +5, Perception +5, *Persuasion* +6
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Dwarvish, Elvish, Common
> - **Level** Wizard 8 **PB** +3
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** Durindal is an 8th-level Spellcaster. Its Spellcasting Ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 16, +8 to hit with spell attacks). Durindal has the following Wizard Spells prepared:
>
> Cantrips (at will). *fire bolt, friends, mage hand, mending*
>
> 1st level (4 slots). *alarm, charm person, detect magic, magic missile, shield*
>
> 2nd Level (3 slots). *enhance ability, hold person, misty step*
>
> 3rd Level (3 slots). *counterspell, dispel magic, fireball*
>
> 4th Level (2 slots). *banishment, fire shield*
>
>
> ### Actions
> ***Mace.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d6) Bludgeoning damage. 
>
> ***Fire bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +8 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 11 (2d10) Fire damage. 


\page


## Journey to Birchtown
The party begins their journey traveling down the hills of the edge of Kaur's Range into the King's Plains towards the ruins of Birchtown.

##### Journey Encounters Table
| 1d6 | Encounters                                        |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------|
|  1  | 1d4+1 **worg riders** and 2d4 **mobs of goblins** |
| 2-3 | Temple in ruins                                   |
| 4-5 | 1d6+2 **orcs**                                    |
| 6-7 | 1 **hermit** 4d4 **goats**                        |
|  8  | A traveling merchant                              |

#### Temple in Ruins


#### Traveling Merchant
As the party travels through the decrepit road they can spot a wooden wagon carried by two horses slowly approaching the party. Atop the wagon three people are sitting keeping watch.

___
***Jeanne Rodin.*** is a 

##### Jeanne Rodin Inventory
| Item                                     | Price Range | DC |
|:-----------------------------------------|:-----------:|:--:|
|  | 10gp -  1gp | 10 |
|  | 25gp - 10gp | 13 |
|  | 50gp - 30gp | 15 |
|  | 8gp -   5sp | 10 |



```
```

### Rotting Cabin
As the party is traveling Hild recognizes a small wooden hut surrounded by trees outside of the road. The hut has been abandoned by a number of years. 

Investigating the hut the party can find the following information and depending on the Intelligence (Investigation) or Wisdom (Perception) check the party can find additional information:

- This hut is sized for a dwarf and a smaller sized human to live comfortably

- (DC 10) The people that lived in this hut were tinkerers, as the party can find various tools among the rubble.

- (DC 15) The people that lived in this hut worked with metallurgy as well as with sulfur and charcoal.

- (DC 20) One of the party members can find a bent and rusted metal tube in one of the bushes with a blackened interior that faintly smells of sulfur.

- (DC 25) One of the party members can find a golden locket in a nearby bush that depicts a human woman and a dwarven men.

\page

### Cursed Tower

___
***Jørn Rye.*** is a 4'8'' dwarven man with pale skin, a square face, a black mustache, blue eyes, and a square nose. He wears a black robe 

He is the head of a band of mercenary dwarves known as  that 

___
***Diana, the Alchemist.*** is a 5'2'' young woman with pale skin, a oval face, long red hair, green eyes, and a long nose. She wears a simple dress under a leather apron and a tool belt.

Diana is an alchemist that fled her town after she discovered what she calls fire power (gunpowder), and became the wife of a dwarf named Øistein. 

She once was an energetic and enthusiastic tomboy but after the murder of her husband and subsequent enslavement she has become a jaded and distrusting woman.


\page

### Birch Forest
PARTY_CARAVAN_STOPS_IN_BIRCH_FOREST.

### Dwarven Encampment
After journeying as a smaller party, the PCs reach the outskirts of Birchtown where they find a small dwarven encampment set outside of the ruined walls.



___
***Dwarven Knight.*** are heavily armored dwarfs from Eldunhall that wield polearms and dawn reinforced plate armor with the symbols of the Saldrisen family.

The are knights from the search party of Drunkar Kinseeker that have taken over the ruins of Birchtown. They are very inflexible.

___
***Cpt. Drunkar.*** is a tall dwarven knight with a long black beard

___
> ## Dwarven Knight
>*Medium humanoid (dwarf), Lawful neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 19 (Plate+1)
> - **Hit Points** 000 (11d10 + 44)
> - **Speed** 25 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 18 (+4) |  8 (-1) | 19 (+4) | 10 (+0) | 15 (+2) | 11 (+0) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Str +8, Con +8
> - **Skills** Athletics +8, Intimidation +8
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., passive Perception 12
> - **Languages** Dwarvish
> - **Level** 11 Knight PB +4
> ___
> ***Second Wind (1/day).*** The knight recovers 16 (1d10 + 11) hit points.
> 
> ***Action Surge (1/day).*** The knight takes one extra action. 
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The knight makes two halberd attacks.
>
> ***Halberd.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +8 to hit, reach 10 ft., one target. *Hit* 9 (1d10 + 4) Slashing damage. 
>

\page


## Ruins of Birchtown

\page

# Appendix A: Statblocks

___
***Goblin Horde.*** is a group that ranges from five up to twelve goblins that attack as a cohesive but chaotic group that prefers to attack either in the dead of night or deep within dark forests.

Each goblin ranges from 3' tall to up to 4'6'' with green skin, large black eyes that glow red when illuminated by fire. 
___
> ## Goblin Horde
>*Huge swarm of small humanoids, chaotic evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 14 (Hide)
> - **Hit Points** 38 (5d12)
> - **Speed** 30 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>|  8 (-1) | 15 (+2) | 10 (+0) |  6 (-2) | 13 (+1) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +5
> - **Skills** Perception +3, Stealth +5
> - **Senses** Darkvision 120 ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Goblin
> - **Level** 5 **PB** +3
> ___
> 
>
> ### Actions
> ***Multiattack.*** The horde makes five attacks. Losing one attack per 6 hit points lost.
>
> ***Scimitar.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Slashing damage. 
>
> ***Javelin.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +5 to hit, range 30/120 ft., one target. *Hit* 5 (1d6 + 2) Piercing damage. 

```
```
___
***Worg.***

___
> ## Worg
>*Large monstrosity, neutral evil*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 13 (Natural armor)
> - **Hit Points** 42 (5d10 + 10)
> - **Speed** 50 ft.
>___
>|   STR   |   DEX   |   CON   |   INT   |   WIS   |   CHA   |
>|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
>| 16 (+3) | 15 (+2) | 15 (+2) |  7 (-2) | 10 (+0) |  8 (-1) |
>___
> - **Saving Throws** Dex +5, Con +5
> - **Skills** Perception +3
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 Ft., passive Perception 13
> - **Languages** Understands Goblin but can't speak it
> - **Level** 5 PB +3
> ___
> ***Keen Hearing and Smell.*** The Worg has advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on hearing or smell.
>
> ### Actions
> ***Bite.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (2d6 + 3) Piercing  damage. If the target is a creature, it must succeed on a DC 15 Strength saving throw or be knocked prone
>
